2	A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
3	Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
4	Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
5	Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
6	Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
7	A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
8	Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
9	Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
10	Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
11	Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
12	A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
13	Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
14	Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
15	Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
16	Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
17	A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
18	Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
19	Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
20	Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
21	Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
22	A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
23	Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
24	Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
25	Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
26	Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
27	A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
28	Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
29	Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
30	Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
31	Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
32	A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
33	Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
34	Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
35	Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
36	Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
37	A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
38	Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
39	Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
40	Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
41	Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
42	A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
43	Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
44	Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
45	Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
46	Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
47	A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
48	Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
49	Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
50	Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
51	Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
