2	A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
3	A man dances with a girl .
4	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
5	A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
6	The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
7	A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
8	A man dances with a girl .
9	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
10	A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
11	The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
12	A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
13	A man dances with a girl .
14	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
15	A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
16	The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
17	A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
18	A man dances with a girl .
19	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
20	A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
21	The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
22	A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
23	A man dances with a girl .
24	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
25	A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
26	The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
27	A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
28	A man dances with a girl .
29	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
30	A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
31	The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
32	A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
33	A man dances with a girl .
34	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
35	A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
36	The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
37	A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
38	A man dances with a girl .
39	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
40	A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
41	The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
42	A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
43	A man dances with a girl .
44	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
45	A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
46	The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
47	A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
48	A man dances with a girl .
49	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
50	A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
51	The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
