2	A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
3	A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
4	A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
5	A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
6	A dog running in the grass around sheep .
7	A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
8	A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
9	A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
10	A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
11	A dog running in the grass around sheep .
12	A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
13	A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
14	A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
15	A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
16	A dog running in the grass around sheep .
17	A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
18	A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
19	A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
20	A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
21	A dog running in the grass around sheep .
22	A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
23	A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
24	A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
25	A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
26	A dog running in the grass around sheep .
27	A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
28	A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
29	A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
30	A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
31	A dog running in the grass around sheep .
32	A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
33	A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
34	A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
35	A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
36	A dog running in the grass around sheep .
37	A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
38	A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
39	A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
40	A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
41	A dog running in the grass around sheep .
42	A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
43	A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
44	A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
45	A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
46	A dog running in the grass around sheep .
47	A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
48	A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
49	A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
50	A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
51	A dog running in the grass around sheep .
