2	a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
3	A dog is running awkwardly .
4	A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
5	Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
6	The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
7	a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
8	A dog is running awkwardly .
9	A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
10	Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
11	The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
12	a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
13	A dog is running awkwardly .
14	A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
15	Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
16	The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
17	a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
18	A dog is running awkwardly .
19	A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
20	Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
21	The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
22	a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
23	A dog is running awkwardly .
24	A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
25	Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
26	The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
27	a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
28	A dog is running awkwardly .
29	A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
30	Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
31	The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
32	a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
33	A dog is running awkwardly .
34	A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
35	Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
36	The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
37	a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
38	A dog is running awkwardly .
39	A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
40	Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
41	The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
42	a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
43	A dog is running awkwardly .
44	A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
45	Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
46	The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
47	a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
48	A dog is running awkwardly .
49	A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
50	Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
51	The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
