2	A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
3	an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
4	The girls were in the crowd .
5	Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
6	Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
7	A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
8	an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
9	The girls were in the crowd .
10	Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
11	Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
12	A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
13	an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
14	The girls were in the crowd .
15	Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
16	Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
17	A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
18	an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
19	The girls were in the crowd .
20	Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
21	Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
22	A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
23	an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
24	The girls were in the crowd .
25	Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
26	Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
27	A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
28	an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
29	The girls were in the crowd .
30	Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
31	Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
32	A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
33	an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
34	The girls were in the crowd .
35	Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
36	Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
37	A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
38	an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
39	The girls were in the crowd .
40	Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
41	Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
42	A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
43	an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
44	The girls were in the crowd .
45	Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
46	Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
47	A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
48	an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
49	The girls were in the crowd .
50	Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
51	Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
