2	A busy city street with many people walking along it .
3	A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
4	Chinese market street in the winter time .
5	People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
6	People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
7	A busy city street with many people walking along it .
8	A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
9	Chinese market street in the winter time .
10	People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
11	People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
12	A busy city street with many people walking along it .
13	A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
14	Chinese market street in the winter time .
15	People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
16	People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
17	A busy city street with many people walking along it .
18	A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
19	Chinese market street in the winter time .
20	People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
21	People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
22	A busy city street with many people walking along it .
23	A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
24	Chinese market street in the winter time .
25	People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
26	People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
27	A busy city street with many people walking along it .
28	A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
29	Chinese market street in the winter time .
30	People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
31	People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
32	A busy city street with many people walking along it .
33	A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
34	Chinese market street in the winter time .
35	People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
36	People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
37	A busy city street with many people walking along it .
38	A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
39	Chinese market street in the winter time .
40	People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
41	People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
42	A busy city street with many people walking along it .
43	A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
44	Chinese market street in the winter time .
45	People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
46	People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
47	A busy city street with many people walking along it .
48	A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
49	Chinese market street in the winter time .
50	People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
51	People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
