2	A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
3	A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
4	A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
5	A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
6	Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach .
7	A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
8	A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
9	A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
10	A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
11	Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach .
12	A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
13	A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
14	A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
15	A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
16	Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach .
17	A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
18	A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
19	A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
20	A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
21	Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach .
22	A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
23	A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
24	A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
25	A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
26	Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach .
27	A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
28	A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
29	A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
30	A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
31	Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach .
32	A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
33	A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
34	A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
35	A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
36	Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach .
37	A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
38	A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
39	A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
40	A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
41	Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach .
42	A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
43	A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
44	A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
45	A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
46	Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach .
47	A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
48	A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
49	A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
50	A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
51	Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach .
