2	A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
3	At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
4	Basketball players in action .
5	The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
6	Woman in white dribbling basketball .
7	A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
8	At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
9	Basketball players in action .
10	The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
11	Woman in white dribbling basketball .
12	A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
13	At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
14	Basketball players in action .
15	The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
16	Woman in white dribbling basketball .
17	A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
18	At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
19	Basketball players in action .
20	The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
21	Woman in white dribbling basketball .
22	A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
23	At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
24	Basketball players in action .
25	The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
26	Woman in white dribbling basketball .
27	A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
28	At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
29	Basketball players in action .
30	The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
31	Woman in white dribbling basketball .
32	A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
33	At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
34	Basketball players in action .
35	The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
36	Woman in white dribbling basketball .
37	A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
38	At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
39	Basketball players in action .
40	The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
41	Woman in white dribbling basketball .
42	A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
43	At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
44	Basketball players in action .
45	The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
46	Woman in white dribbling basketball .
47	A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
48	At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
49	Basketball players in action .
50	The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
51	Woman in white dribbling basketball .
