2	A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
3	A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
4	A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
5	A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
6	The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
7	A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
8	A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
9	A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
10	A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
11	The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
12	A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
13	A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
14	A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
15	A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
16	The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
17	A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
18	A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
19	A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
20	A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
21	The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
22	A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
23	A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
24	A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
25	A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
26	The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
27	A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
28	A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
29	A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
30	A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
31	The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
32	A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
33	A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
34	A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
35	A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
36	The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
37	A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
38	A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
39	A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
40	A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
41	The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
42	A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
43	A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
44	A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
45	A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
46	The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
47	A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
48	A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
49	A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
50	A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
51	The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
