2	A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
3	A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
4	The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
5	Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
6	Two women are walking casually down the street together .
7	A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
8	A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
9	The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
10	Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
11	Two women are walking casually down the street together .
12	A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
13	A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
14	The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
15	Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
16	Two women are walking casually down the street together .
17	A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
18	A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
19	The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
20	Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
21	Two women are walking casually down the street together .
22	A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
23	A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
24	The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
25	Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
26	Two women are walking casually down the street together .
27	A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
28	A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
29	The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
30	Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
31	Two women are walking casually down the street together .
32	A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
33	A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
34	The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
35	Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
36	Two women are walking casually down the street together .
37	A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
38	A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
39	The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
40	Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
41	Two women are walking casually down the street together .
42	A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
43	A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
44	The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
45	Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
46	Two women are walking casually down the street together .
47	A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
48	A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
49	The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
50	Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
51	Two women are walking casually down the street together .
