2	A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
3	A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
4	Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
5	Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
6	Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
7	A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
8	A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
9	Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
10	Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
11	Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
12	A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
13	A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
14	Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
15	Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
16	Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
17	A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
18	A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
19	Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
20	Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
21	Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
22	A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
23	A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
24	Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
25	Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
26	Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
27	A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
28	A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
29	Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
30	Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
31	Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
32	A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
33	A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
34	Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
35	Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
36	Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
37	A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
38	A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
39	Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
40	Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
41	Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
42	A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
43	A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
44	Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
45	Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
46	Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
47	A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
48	A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
49	Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
50	Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
51	Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
