2	A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
3	A city break dancer starts to spin .
4	A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
5	Children watch a man doing dance moves .
6	The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
7	A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
8	A city break dancer starts to spin .
9	A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
10	Children watch a man doing dance moves .
11	The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
12	A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
13	A city break dancer starts to spin .
14	A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
15	Children watch a man doing dance moves .
16	The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
17	A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
18	A city break dancer starts to spin .
19	A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
20	Children watch a man doing dance moves .
21	The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
22	A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
23	A city break dancer starts to spin .
24	A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
25	Children watch a man doing dance moves .
26	The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
27	A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
28	A city break dancer starts to spin .
29	A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
30	Children watch a man doing dance moves .
31	The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
32	A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
33	A city break dancer starts to spin .
34	A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
35	Children watch a man doing dance moves .
36	The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
37	A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
38	A city break dancer starts to spin .
39	A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
40	Children watch a man doing dance moves .
41	The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
42	A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
43	A city break dancer starts to spin .
44	A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
45	Children watch a man doing dance moves .
46	The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
47	A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
48	A city break dancer starts to spin .
49	A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
50	Children watch a man doing dance moves .
51	The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
