2	A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
3	A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
4	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
5	Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
6	White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
7	A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
8	A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
9	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
10	Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
11	White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
12	A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
13	A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
14	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
15	Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
16	White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
17	A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
18	A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
19	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
20	Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
21	White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
22	A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
23	A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
24	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
25	Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
26	White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
27	A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
28	A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
29	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
30	Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
31	White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
32	A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
33	A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
34	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
35	Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
36	White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
37	A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
38	A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
39	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
40	Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
41	White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
42	A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
43	A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
44	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
45	Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
46	White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
47	A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
48	A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
49	A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
50	Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
51	White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
