2	A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
3	A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
4	People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
5	Two people standing on the sidewalk .
6	Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
7	A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
8	A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
9	People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
10	Two people standing on the sidewalk .
11	Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
12	A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
13	A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
14	People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
15	Two people standing on the sidewalk .
16	Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
17	A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
18	A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
19	People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
20	Two people standing on the sidewalk .
21	Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
22	A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
23	A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
24	People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
25	Two people standing on the sidewalk .
26	Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
27	A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
28	A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
29	People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
30	Two people standing on the sidewalk .
31	Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
32	A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
33	A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
34	People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
35	Two people standing on the sidewalk .
36	Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
37	A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
38	A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
39	People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
40	Two people standing on the sidewalk .
41	Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
42	A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
43	A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
44	People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
45	Two people standing on the sidewalk .
46	Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
47	A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
48	A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
49	People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
50	Two people standing on the sidewalk .
51	Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
