2	A group of boys play basketball together .
3	Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
4	Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
5	These people are playing basketball outdoors .
6	two men playing basketball under a blue sky
7	A group of boys play basketball together .
8	Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
9	Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
10	These people are playing basketball outdoors .
11	two men playing basketball under a blue sky
12	A group of boys play basketball together .
13	Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
14	Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
15	These people are playing basketball outdoors .
16	two men playing basketball under a blue sky
17	A group of boys play basketball together .
18	Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
19	Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
20	These people are playing basketball outdoors .
21	two men playing basketball under a blue sky
22	A group of boys play basketball together .
23	Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
24	Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
25	These people are playing basketball outdoors .
26	two men playing basketball under a blue sky
27	A group of boys play basketball together .
28	Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
29	Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
30	These people are playing basketball outdoors .
31	two men playing basketball under a blue sky
32	A group of boys play basketball together .
33	Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
34	Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
35	These people are playing basketball outdoors .
36	two men playing basketball under a blue sky
37	A group of boys play basketball together .
38	Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
39	Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
40	These people are playing basketball outdoors .
41	two men playing basketball under a blue sky
42	A group of boys play basketball together .
43	Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
44	Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
45	These people are playing basketball outdoors .
46	two men playing basketball under a blue sky
47	A group of boys play basketball together .
48	Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
49	Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
50	These people are playing basketball outdoors .
51	two men playing basketball under a blue sky
