2	a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
3	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
4	A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
5	A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
6	The parasailer is skipping across the water .
7	a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
8	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
9	A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
10	A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
11	The parasailer is skipping across the water .
12	a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
13	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
14	A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
15	A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
16	The parasailer is skipping across the water .
17	a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
18	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
19	A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
20	A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
21	The parasailer is skipping across the water .
22	a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
23	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
24	A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
25	A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
26	The parasailer is skipping across the water .
27	a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
28	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
29	A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
30	A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
31	The parasailer is skipping across the water .
32	a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
33	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
34	A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
35	A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
36	The parasailer is skipping across the water .
37	a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
38	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
39	A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
40	A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
41	The parasailer is skipping across the water .
42	a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
43	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
44	A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
45	A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
46	The parasailer is skipping across the water .
47	a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
48	A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
49	A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
50	A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
51	The parasailer is skipping across the water .
