2	a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
3	A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
4	A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
5	A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
6	A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
7	a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
8	A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
9	A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
10	A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
11	A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
12	a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
13	A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
14	A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
15	A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
16	A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
17	a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
18	A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
19	A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
20	A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
21	A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
22	a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
23	A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
24	A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
25	A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
26	A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
27	a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
28	A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
29	A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
30	A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
31	A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
32	a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
33	A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
34	A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
35	A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
36	A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
37	a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
38	A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
39	A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
40	A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
41	A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
42	a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
43	A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
44	A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
45	A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
46	A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
47	a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
48	A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
49	A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
50	A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
51	A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
