2	A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
3	A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
4	A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
5	Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
6	People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
7	A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
8	A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
9	A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
10	Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
11	People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
12	A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
13	A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
14	A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
15	Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
16	People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
17	A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
18	A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
19	A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
20	Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
21	People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
22	A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
23	A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
24	A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
25	Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
26	People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
27	A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
28	A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
29	A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
30	Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
31	People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
32	A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
33	A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
34	A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
35	Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
36	People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
37	A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
38	A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
39	A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
40	Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
41	People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
42	A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
43	A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
44	A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
45	Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
46	People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
47	A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
48	A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
49	A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
50	Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
51	People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
