2	A child and floor covered in white powder .
3	A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
4	A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
5	A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
6	A young child covered with white powder .
7	A child and floor covered in white powder .
8	A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
9	A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
10	A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
11	A young child covered with white powder .
12	A child and floor covered in white powder .
13	A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
14	A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
15	A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
16	A young child covered with white powder .
17	A child and floor covered in white powder .
18	A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
19	A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
20	A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
21	A young child covered with white powder .
22	A child and floor covered in white powder .
23	A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
24	A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
25	A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
26	A young child covered with white powder .
27	A child and floor covered in white powder .
28	A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
29	A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
30	A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
31	A young child covered with white powder .
32	A child and floor covered in white powder .
33	A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
34	A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
35	A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
36	A young child covered with white powder .
37	A child and floor covered in white powder .
38	A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
39	A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
40	A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
41	A young child covered with white powder .
42	A child and floor covered in white powder .
43	A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
44	A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
45	A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
46	A young child covered with white powder .
47	A child and floor covered in white powder .
48	A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
49	A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
50	A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
51	A young child covered with white powder .
