2	An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
3	An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
4	A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
5	two men sit on a bench .
6	Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
7	An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
8	An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
9	A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
10	two men sit on a bench .
11	Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
12	An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
13	An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
14	A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
15	two men sit on a bench .
16	Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
17	An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
18	An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
19	A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
20	two men sit on a bench .
21	Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
22	An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
23	An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
24	A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
25	two men sit on a bench .
26	Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
27	An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
28	An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
29	A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
30	two men sit on a bench .
31	Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
32	An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
33	An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
34	A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
35	two men sit on a bench .
36	Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
37	An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
38	An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
39	A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
40	two men sit on a bench .
41	Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
42	An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
43	An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
44	A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
45	two men sit on a bench .
46	Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
47	An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
48	An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
49	A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
50	two men sit on a bench .
51	Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
