A child in a pink dress is climbing up a set of stairs in an entry way .
A girl going into a wooden building .
A little girl climbing into a wooden playhouse .
A little girl climbing the stairs to her playhouse .
A little girl in a pink dress going into a wooden cabin .
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
A black dog and a tri-colored dog playing with each other on the road .
A black dog and a white dog with brown spots are staring at each other in the street .
Two dogs of different breeds looking at each other on the road .
Two dogs on pavement moving toward each other .
A little girl covered in paint sits in front of a painted rainbow with her hands in a bowl .
A little girl is sitting in front of a large painted rainbow .
A small girl in the grass plays with fingerpaints in front of a white canvas with a rainbow on it .
There is a girl with pigtails sitting in front of a rainbow painting .
Young girl with pigtails painting outside in the grass .
A man lays on a bench while his dog sits by him .
A man lays on the bench to which a white dog is also tied .
a man sleeping on a bench outside with a white and black dog sitting next to him .
A shirtless man lies on a park bench with his dog .
man laying on bench holding leash of dog sitting on ground
A man in an orange hat starring at something .
A man wears an orange hat and glasses .
A man with gauges and glasses is wearing a Blitz hat .
A man with glasses is wearing a beer can crocheted hat .
The man with pierced ears is wearing glasses and an orange hat .
A child playing on a rope net .
A little girl climbing on red roping .
A little girl in pink climbs a rope bridge at the park .
A small child grips onto the red ropes at the playground .
The small child climbs on a red ropes on a playground .
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
A Boston terrier is running in the grass .
A Boston Terrier is running on lush green grass in front of a white fence .
A dog runs on the green grass near a wooden fence .
A dog shakes its head near the shore , a red ball next to it .
A white dog shakes on the edge of a beach with an orange ball .
Dog with orange ball at feet , stands on shore shaking off water
White dog playing with a red ball on the shore near the water .
White dog with brown ears standing near water with head turned to one side .
A boy smiles in front of a stony wall in a city .
A little boy is standing on the street while a man in overalls is working on a stone wall .
A young boy runs aross the street .
A young child is walking on a stone paved street with a metal pole and a man behind him .
Smiling boy in white shirt and blue jeans in front of rock wall with man in overalls behind him .
A black dog leaps over a log .
A grey dog is leaping over a fallen tree .
A large black dog leaps a fallen log .
A mottled black and grey dog in a blue collar jumping over a fallen tree .
The black dog jumped the tree stump .
A brown and white dog is running through the snow .
A dog is running in the snow
A dog running through snow .
a white and brown dog is running through a snow covered field .
The white and brown dog is running over the surface of the snow .
A man in a hat is displaying pictures next to a skier in a blue hat .
A man skis past another man displaying paintings in the snow .
A person wearing skis looking at framed pictures set up in the snow .
A skier looks at framed pictures in the snow next to trees .
Man on skis looking at artwork for sale in the snow
A collage of one person climbing a cliff .
A group of people are rock climbing on a rock climbing wall .
A group of people climbing a rock while one man belays
Seven climbers are ascending a rock face whilst another man stands holding the rope .
Several climbers in a row are climbing the rock while the man in red watches and holds the line .
A brown dog chases the water from a sprinkler on a lawn .
a brown dog plays with the hose .
A brown dog running on a lawn near a garden hose
A dog is playing with a hose .
Large brown dog running away from the sprinkler in the grass .
A dog prepares to catch a thrown object in a field with nearby cars .
A white dog is about to catch a yellow ball in its mouth .
A white dog is about to catch a yellow dog toy .
A white dog is ready to catch a yellow ball flying through the air .
A white dog running after a yellow ball
a black and white dog jumping in the air to get a toy .
A black and white dog jumps up towards a yellow toy .
A dog leaps to catch a ball in a field .
A white dog is trying to catch a ball in midair over a grassy field .
The white dog is playing in a green field with a yellow toy .
A child and a woman are at waters edge in a big city .
a large lake with a lone duck swimming in it with several people around the edge of it .
A little boy at a lake watching a duck .
A young boy waves his hand at the duck in the water surrounded by a green park .
Two people are at the edge of a lake , facing the water and the city skyline .
A couple and an infant , being held by the male , sitting next to a pond with a near by stroller .
A couple sit on the grass with a baby and stroller .
A couple with their newborn baby sitting under a tree facing a lake .
A man and woman care for an infant along the side of a body of water .
Couple with a baby sit outdoors next to their stroller .
A black dog running in the surf .
A black lab with tags frolicks in the water .
A dog splashes in the water
The black dog runs through the water .
This is a black dog splashing in the water .
A man drilling a hole in the ice .
A man is drilling through the frozen ice of a pond .
A person in the snow drilling a hole in the ice .
A person standing on a frozen lake .
Two men are ice fishing .
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach .
Two dogs are making a turn on a soft sand beach .
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach .
Two dogs playing together on a beach .
Two large tan dogs play along a sandy beach .
A man uses ice picks and crampons to scale ice .
an ice climber in a blue jacket and black pants is scaling a frozen ice wall .
An ice climber scaling a frozen waterfall .
A person in blue and red ice climbing with two picks .
Climber climbing an ice wall
A black dog carries a green toy in his mouth as he walks through the grass .
A black dog carrying something through the grass .
A black dog has a blue toy in its mouth .
A dog in grass with a blue item in his mouth .
A wet black dog is carrying a green toy through the grass .
A man and a baby are in a yellow kayak on water .
A man and a little boy in blue life jackets are rowing a yellow canoe .
A man and child kayak through gentle waters .
A man and young boy ride in a yellow kayak .
Man and child in yellow kayak
A black dog and a brown dog are jumping up to catch a red toy .
A black dog and a brown dog play with a red toy on a courtyard .
A brown and black lab are outside and the black lab is catching a toy in its mouth .
Black dog snaps at red and black object as brown dog lunges .
The Chocolate Lab jumps too late to get the toy as the Black Lab captures it in the driveway .
A boy with a stick kneeling in front of a goalie net
A child in a red jacket playing street hockey guarding a goal .
A young kid playing the goalie in a hockey rink .
A young male kneeling in front of a hockey goal with a hockey stick in his right hand .
Hockey goalie boy in red jacket crouches by goal , with stick .
A man in black is sitting next to a modern art structure in front of a glass building .
A man sits and reads a newspaper by a sculpture outside of an office building .
a man sits near a large statue .
A man sitting in front of a metal sculpture in front of a building .
The man with the backpack is sitting in a buildings courtyard in front of an art sculpture reading .
A tent is being set up on the ice .
Two men are about to enter an ice fishing tent on a snow covered lake .
two men setting up a blue ice fishing hut on an iced over lake
Two men , standing on an ice , looking into something covered with a blue tarp .
Two people standing outside a blue tent structure on a snowy surface .
A woman crouches near three dogs in a field .
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky .
Three dogs are standing in the grass and a person is sitting next to them
Three dogs on a grassy hill
Three dogs stand in a grassy field while a person kneels nearby .
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
A man stands in front of a skyscraper .
A man stands in front of a very tall building .
Behind the man in a red shirt stands a large skyscraper .
There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera .
A boy bites hard into a treat while he sits outside .
A child biting into a baked good .
A small boy putting something in his mouth with both hands .
The boy eats his food outside at the table .
The boy is eating pizza over a tin dish .
People sit on the mountainside and check out the view .
Three people are on a hilltop overlooking a green valley .
Three people hang out on top of a big hill .
Three people overlook a green valley .
Three people rest on a ledge above the moutains .
A boy in a green shirt is looking down at many inflatable boats .
A boy in a green shirt watches kayakers .
A boy looks over a railing at the many boats and rafts below in the water .
A young boy overlooking a crowd of inflatable boats .
A young boy wearing a jersey looks down over a ledge at many boats in the water .
A man and woman pose for the camera while another man looks on .
A man is holding the hand of a woman up to his mouth in front of some buildings while another man looks on .
A multiracial couple posing for a picture
Asian man and blond woman holding hands outdoors , man in background watches .
Guy in blue shirt biting hand of girl in black striped jacket while another guy watches
A person eats takeout while watching a small television .
A person sits on the floor and eats in front of a television .
A television with a picture of a girl on it .
A young man sits on the floor by the television with a fast food meal in front of him .
Someone is laying in front of the TV eating food .
a couple of several people sitting on a ledge overlooking the beach
A group of people sit on a wall at the beach .
A group of teens sit on a wall by a beach .
Crowd of people at the beach .
Several young people sitting on a rail above a crowded beach .
A boy takes a jump on his skateboard while another boy with a skateboard watches .
A child is performing a skateboard trick while another child with a skateboard leans on a wall .
A little boy skateboarder is doing a trick on his board while another young skateboarder watches .
a young boy skateboarder jumping on a platform on a skateboard .
Two skateboarders .
A girl paddling down a large river , as seen from behind her .
A woman kayaking down a river .
A woman paddles a boat down a river .
A woman with a paddle .
A woman with a paddle sits in a boat on the water .
A girl in pigtails splashes in the shallow water .
A girls plays in the surf .
a girl with pigtails is playing in the ocean by the beach .
A girl with pigtails plays in the water .
A young girl in pigtails plays in the water .
A group of four children wearing pajamas have a pillow fight .
A group of kids have a pillow-fight .
A group of young children playing pillow fight on a bed .
Children having a pillow fight .
Four children are having a pillow fight .
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break .
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building .
Two construction workers sitting on an I-beam .
Two construction workers take a seat on a steel beam .
Two men take a break from construction .
The children are playing in the water .
Two boys , one with a yellow and orange ball , play in some water in front of a field .
Two boys play in a puddle .
Two children play with a balloon in mud on a sunny day .
Two kids are running and playing in some water .
A blond woman in a blue shirt appears to wait for a ride .
A blond woman is on the street hailing a taxi .
A woman is signaling is to traffic , as seen from behind .
A woman with blonde hair wearing a blue tube top is waving on the side of the street .
The woman in the blue dress is holding out her arm at oncoming traffic .
A little girl looking at a brochure on train rides
a young blond girl with a magizine in her hands
A young girl on a train reads a book about train rides .
A young girl sits on a seat and looks at a train pamphlet .
Child sitting down looking at train ride brochure
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore .
A brown dog is running after the black dog .
Two dogs playing on a beach .
Two dogs run across stones near a body of water .
Two dogs run towards each other on a rocky area with water in the background .
A boy descends off the end of a high diving board .
A child jumps off a high diving board into the pool .
A kid jumps off the diving board and into the swimming pool below .
A little kid is jumping off a high dive at the pool .
The boy is jumping off a high diving board into the pool .
A guy stands by a window taking his overshirt off .
A man in a tank top stands next to a chrome door .
A man puts his shirt on near an elevator .
A man stands by an elevator with his head down .
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator .
A light-colored dog runs on the beach .
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
A tan dog runs on a sandy beach .
A white dog is running down a rocky beach .
Light brown dog running along the beach .
A boy in his blue swim shorts at the beach .
A boy smiles for the camera at a beach .
A young boy in swimming trunks is walking with his arms outstretched on the beach .
Children playing on the beach .
The boy is playing on the shore of an ocean .
A hiker standing high on a bluff overlooking the mountains below .
a person on ski 's looks from hill over snow covered landscape
A skier is overlooking a snow-covered mountain .
A skier is overlooking the beautiful white snow covered landscape .
A skier pauses on a mountaintop .
A black and white dog is attempting to catch a yellow and purple object in a low cut yard .
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy .
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee .
A black dog is jumping up to catch a purple and green toy .
A dog jumps to catch a toy .
A man in blue shorts is laying in the street .
A man in blue shorts lays down outside in a parking lot .
A man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic .
A man lies on a mat in a parking lot between a brown SUV and a yellow pickup with an open door .
A shirtless man is laying down in the middle of a busy street .
A white and black dog and a brown dog in sandy terrain .
A woolly dog chases a Doberman on a beach .
One dog is chasing another one on the beach .
The two large dogs are running through sand .
Two large dogs chasing each other at the beach .
A black and white dog catches a toy in midair .
A dog and a tennis ball .
A dog is jumping to catch a object thrown at it ,
A dog leaps while chasing a tennis ball through a grassy field .
A multicolor dog jumping to catch a tennis ball in a grassy field .
A crowd watching air balloons at night .
A group of hot air balloons lit up at night .
People are watching hot air balloons in the park .
People watching hot air balloons .
Seven large balloons are lined up at nighttime near a crowd .
A child with a helmet on his head rides a bike .
A little boy rides a bike down a hill on a miniature dirt bike .
A young boy in a helmet rides a bike on the road .
The little boy rides his bicycle in a race .
The young boy pedals quickly at a BMX race .
A group of eight people are gathered around a table at night .
A group of people gathered around in the dark .
A group of people sit around a table outside on a porch at night .
A group of people sit outdoors together at night .
A group of people sitting at a table in a darkened room .
A man in a brown shirt and dark shorts plays on the beach with his two black dogs .
A man in shorts with two black dogs holds a ball throwing toy at the beach .
a man playing with two black dogs on the beach
A man with two dogs on a beach
Man at the beach with two dogs .
a boy cleans the bubbles off his face .
A boy covered in suds has his face wiped clean .
A boy is covered in bubbles .
A child covered in foam is climbing on a black inflatable ramp .
A person covered in soapy water is getting cleaned off .
A boy in blue shorts slides down a slide into a pool .
A boy in blue swimming trunks slides down a yellow slide into a wading pool with inflatable toys floating in the water .
A boy rides down a slide into a small backyard pool .
A boy sliding down a slide into a pool with colorful tubes .
A child is falling off a slide onto colored balloons floating on a pool of water .
A man in a wetsuit is throwing a baby wearing a wetsuit up into the air .
A man in a wetsuit is throwing a toddler up in the air and is ready to catch him .
A man in water throwing a little boy up in the air and waiting for him to come down so he can catch him .
The man is in the pool and throwing a small boy into the air .
While water droplets fly , a man throws a little boy up in the air .
A little boy sticks his tongue out for the camera . Another boy looks on .
Two boys make faces .
Two young boys are looking at the camera , one smiling , the other sticking his tongue out .
Two young boys look up at the camera as one sticks out his tongue .
two young boys making silly faces .
A blonde horse and a blonde girl in a black sweatshirt are staring at a fire in a barrel .
A girl and her horse stand by a fire .
A girl holding a horse 's lead behind a fire .
A man , and girl and two horses are near a contained fire .
Two people and two horses watching a fire .
A bulldog , a sheep dog , and a boxer standing in a yard .
A large brown dog is pushing a small Boston terrier with his face while anouther dog watches .
A large skinny dog stands near two smaller dogs int the dirt .
There are three dogs starring at a ball in the middle of them .
Three dogs of various sizes .
A lady and a man with no shirt sit on a dock .
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together .
A man and a woman sitting on a dock .
A man and woman sitting on a deck next to a lake .
A shirtless man and a woman sitting on a dock .
A closeup of a white dog that is laying its head on its paws .
a large white dog lying on the floor .
A white dog has its head on the ground .
A white dog is resting its head on a tiled floor with its eyes open .
A white dog rests its head on the patio bricks .
a woman in a yellow shirt and green shorts is climbing an artificial red wall whilst wearing a safety harness .
A woman in blue shorts and a white shirt is indoor rock climbing .
The girl is climbing a rock wall .
The girl is in a harness , climbing rocks .
Woman climbing an artificial rock wall .
A boy is jumping on an inflatable ring and a girl is watching him
A boy jumping on a water jumphouse
A teenage boy is jumping on an inflatable slide .
A young boy jumping and a young girl seating in an inflatable pool .
Two young kids are playing in the water on an inflated toy .
A family playing on a tractor on a beautiful day
Children ride a tractor in a field .
Several children playing on a Polaris vehicle outdoors .
The children played on the four wheeler in the field .
The four kids are riding on an ATV in a field .
A woman in a red costume to the left of a man and woman standing together .
A woman wearing a red costume looks at two other people standing on a street .
A young woman in a red sequined costume and feather stands on the sidewalk .
The girl in the salmon colored bikini is standing next to two young people ; one is wearing a black outfit and the other is drinking pop .
Two young people are approached by a flamboyant young woman dressed in a red bikini and a red feathered headress .
Skiiers walking up the hill through a forest .
Two men are skiing in the snow in a wooded area .
Two people wearing yellow jackets cross-country skiing .
Two skiers are making their way through woodland .
Two skiers are sliding down a trail in the woods .
A lone skier is making their way up a mountain .
Skiiers at the top of a snow covered hill .
Two hikers climbing a snowy hill .
Two people are on a snow-covered mountain .
Two people climbing up a snowy mountain .
a brown dog running down a paved pathway
A brown dog running next to grass .
A dog is running down a road .
A light brown dog runs down a path happily .
Energetic brown dog running
A mother and children is fishing on a boardwalk at night .
A woman and three children stand on a deck with a fishing pole .
A woman stands with children on a boardwalk at night overlooking the sea .
Some people on a pier at night with one girl fishing off it .
Woman with three children fishing over boardwalk in the evening .
A woman dressed in a blue jacket and blue jeans rides a brown horse near a frozen lake and snow-covered mountain .
A woman in a blue jacket rides a brown pony near water .
A woman rides a horse near a frozen lake in the wintertime .
A young blond woman sitting atop a brown draft horse in the snowy mountains .
Woman n blue jacket sits on daft horse near a frozen lake .
Two draft horses pull a cart through the snow .
Two golden brown horses pull a sleigh driven by a woman in a blue coat .
Two horses are pulling a woman in a cart .
Two horses pull a carriage driven by a woman over snow covered ground .
Two horses pulling a sled steered by a smiling blond woman .
A person climbing down a sheer rock cliff using a rope
A person climbs a tall , flat mountain while holding onto a safety rope .
A person is climbing a rock while holding onto a white rope .
A person rappels down a steep incline .
A person wearing a red vest climbs up a steep rock .
People stand inside a rock dome .
Shaft of light in a cave shows three spelunkers
Spelunkers pose inside a rock cavern while bathed in sunlight from the surface .
three people sit in a cave .
Three rock climbers are posing on big rocks .
a group of backpackers lay on the dry ground .
A group of hikers are resting on the ground in front of some mountains .
People camp with the mountains in the background .
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain .
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain .
A woman in a blue dress stands with a chalk portrait of two children playing by a stream .
A woman standing in front of a chalk drawing
A woman stands next to a chalk drawing in front of a barn-like structure .
A woman stands outside near an elaborate chalk illustration .
A woman wearing a blue dress is drawing a picture of a boy and a girl on the sidewalk with sidewalk chalk .
A brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow .
A dog looking at the camera in snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
A tan dog stand in the snow and looks up .
The brown dog is out in the snow .
A boy jumping in a fountain .
a boy plays in the fountains .
A child plays in a fountain .
A little boy playing in the water .
A young boy is jumping through water being sprayed up from the ground .
A Corgi runs out of a tunnel .
A dog runs out of a tunnel on a course .
Dog running out of tunnel on obstacle course
The dog is running out of the tunnel on a dog obedience course .
The small brown and white dog is running out of a small tunnel .
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field .
a dog chases another dog .
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt .
Two dogs are running in a field .
two dogs running around
A little girl in a blue swimsuit is walking along a wooden fence next to a sandy beach .
A little girl with arms outstretched is posing at the beach .
A young girl walks on a railing in front of the beach .
Little girl in blue swimsuit standing on a handrail near a beach .
The little girl in the blue bathing suit is posing at the beach .
A black and white dog drinking water from a water spray .
A black and white dog is being soaked with a jet of water in a blue paddling pool .
A dog sticking its face into the shower from a garden hose .
A small white dog gets sprayed by water
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool .
a boy smiles underwater .
A red-headed boy swimming underwater .
A small boy swimming underwater
A smiling boy swims underwater in a pool .
The boys smiles underwater at the pool .
A boy with a toy gun .
A little boy in orange shorts playing with a toy .
A young boy with his foot outstretched aims a toy at the camera in front of a fireplace .
A young child plays with his new light-up toy .
Boy with toy gun pointed at the camera .
A boy in yellow shorts is standing on top of a cliff .
A boy wearing blue and yellow walking on a cliff edge .
A little boy standing high in the air on a rock .
A young child is standing alone on some jagged rocks .
Child stands near edge of cliff .
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump .
A snowmobiler flies through the air .
A snowmobile rider flies through the air on his or her machine in front of tall pine trees .
Rider jumps snowmobile high in rural area .
The man is up in the air .
People are riding around on snowmobiles .
People pose with helmets and goggles on while riding snowmobiles .
Several people are taking a break while on a snowmobiling ride .
Three people and two snowmobiles .
Two helmeted men sit on yellow snowmobiles while another man stands behind watching .
Three people drive ATVs .
Three people on ATVs in a brown field turn their heads to look at the camera .
Three people on ATV 's outside .
three people on four wheel ATV 's in a field .
Three people ride their four wheelers through the field .
A four wheeler jumping in an empty field .
A man on a four wheeler is flying through the air .
A person is riding an orange ATV in a large empty field .
Man jumping with all terrain vehicle
Man on an ATV catching air !
A man jumps gin the air while riding an ATV
A man on a four-wheeler jumps near a small building .
An ATV is airborne over a field in front of a white structure .
A person dressed in a tan jacket jumps a quad over a harvested cornfield in front of a small out building .
Man on four wheeler in the air .
A boy in s striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain .
A boy is jumping off the side of a running stone water fountain in front of a building .
A happy boy is jumping in front OD city fountain .
A little boy is jumping in front of a fountain .
A little boy is playfully jumping off the side of a fountain .
A boy carrying a soccer ball .
A boy walks with a ball tucked under his arm .
A boy walks with a soccer ball near a fence .
A boy wearing a white t-shirt walks on the grass and carries a soccer ball .
Small boy carries a soccer ball on a field .
A child painting a picture .
An artist paints clouds onto a canvas .
A young girl painting a picture .
A young girl with braids is painting with water colors on a white paper on the wall .
The child paints on a large paper with water colors .
A cyclist is riding a bicycle on a curved road up a hill .
A man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve .
A man on a mountain bike is pedaling up a hill .
Man bicycle up a road , while cows graze on a hill nearby .
The biker is riding around a curve in the road .
a black dog jumping to catch a rope toy
A black dog playing fetch with a ball of rope .
A black dog pounces to get a rope toy .
A black dog running after his rope toy .
A large black dog is playing in a grassy yard .
A little girl is holding a cine camera in front of her face .
A young girl is looking through an old fashioned video camera .
A young girl steadies her aim with a camera
Girl with rosy cheeks and lips holding black toy gun .
There is a kid with a gun .
A black and white Border Collie catches a Frisbee in front of an audience .
a brown and white dog catches a Frisbee in it mouth in front of a group of people .
A brown and white dug jumping up to catch a Frisbee while an audience watches .
A dog jumps to catch a Frisbee , while many people watch .
An agile dog catches a Frisbee while a crowd of onlookers watches closely .
A baby is sitting on and playing with smooth rocks .
A baby is stacking rocks on the beach .
A small boy is playing with rocks
A toddler sitting on a pile of rocks holding a rock at a beach .
Toddler sits on a pile of rocks .
A kid rock climbing against the backdrop of a green valley
A woman in a striped shirt climbs up a mountain .
A young man climbs a rocky hill .
The person has a striped shirt on and is holding on to a rope on a mountain .
The person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing .
A man climbing a rock wall
A man climbing the side of a cliff .
A man is rock climbing .
Man with red shoes , white shirt and grey pants climbing .
The young man with the white t-shirt and jeans is rappeling up the rock wall .
A climber wearing a blue helmet and headlamp is attached to a rope on the rock face .
A man climbs a rocky wall .
a rock climber climbs a large rock .
A woman in purple snakeskin pants climbs a rock .
Person with blue helmet and purple pants is rock climbing .
A child playing with a fountain at the beach .
A child plays with a fountain .
A girl looks at a fountain that sprays water .
A little girl playing in water on a frog sculpture .
The little girl is playing with a toy in a public fountain .
A black dog is jumping over a log along a beach .
A black dog runs along the beach and jumps over a wood barrior .
A dog is running on the beach .
a dog jumping over a small wall at a beach near the water .
An animal is running on the beach .
A black and white bird eating seeds out of someone 's hand
A black and white bird standing on a hand .
A small bird sits in a person 's hand and eats seeds .
Black and white bird standing on hand of someone holding sunflower seeds
The small bird is clinging to a finger of the hand holding the seeds .
A brown dog is running in the sand .
A brown dog playing in the sand .
A brown dog plays at the beach .
A dog is standing in the sand .
A dog running fast in the sand .
A little boy stands in the surf .
A small child wades through the water while being guided by another person .
A young boy laughs while splashing in the ocean .
a young boy wearing a colorful bathing suit splashing in the ocean
A young child splashing in water .
A little tan dog with large ears running through the grass .
A playful dog is running through the grass .
A small dogs ears stick up as it runs in the grass .
The small dog is running across the lawn .
this is a small beige dog running through a grassy field
A black and white dog is running through the field .
A black , brown and white dog running through a field .
A brown , black and white dog is running through a large field with its mouth open .
A dog running in a field .
A dog with its mouth open running through a field torwards the camera .
A girl in a pink swimsuit in a pool
A girl swimming in a pool .
A little girl in a pink bathing suit swimming in a pool .
A little girl swimming in a pool .
Smiling little girl swimming in outdoor pool .
A child is standing on her head .
A little girl standing on her head .
A small child doing a handstand on a bed .
A young girl does a handstand on a bed with blue sheets .
The girl is upside down on a bed
A guy stands in the sand with a snowboard behind him .
A man holds a surfboard on the beach .
a man holds his snowboard in the sand .
A man with his surfboard stands in the sand .
Man is standing on white sand and holding a snowboard .
People on ATVs and dirt bikes are traveling along a worn path in a field surrounded by trees .
Three people are riding around on ATV 's and motorcycles .
Three people on motorbikes follow a trail through dry grass .
Three people on two dirt-bikes and one four-wheeler are riding through brown grass .
Three people ride off-road bikes through a field surrounded by trees .
A baby in a white garment holds a flag with crescent moon and star .
A baby is holding a small black flag with a moon and a star on it .
A baby wearing a white gown waves a Muslim flag .
A little toddler dressed in white is smiling while a lady helps him wave a flag .
Baby in white outfit holding black and white flag .
A half naked man is sleeping on his chair outdoors .
An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped .
A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair , close to three parked bicycles .
Man relaxing in a folding chair on the street .
Topless old man wearing slippers , navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside .
A brown and white and a black and white dog hauling in a floating toy from the ocean .
Both dogs retrieve the play toy from the water .
Two dogs in the ocean playing with a toy
Two dogs run through the water with a rope in their mouths .
Two dogs tug at a chew toy in the surf .
There are three young people , one dark haired holding a bottled drink , one with head tilted back and finger in her mouth , and one with spiked hair .
The young people party in the streets .
Three girls make faces as one takes a drink while they stand in a busy street .
Three women on the street drinking and posing
Three young women pose for the camera at a parade .
A brown dog is running through neck-deep water carrying a tennis ball .
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in its mouth .
A brown dog swims through water outdoors with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A red dog , holding a ball , splashes through vegetation filled water .
Brown dog with tennis ball in mouth , in water and bushes .
Two brown dogs are creating large splashes as they run in a river .
Two brown dogs in the water .
Two brown dogs running through water .
Two brown dogs runs through the water .
Two dogs splash through the water .
A black dog runs into the ocean next to a pile of seaweed .
A black lav runs into the water on the beach , with swimmers in the distance and sea kelp in the foreground .
A dog at the shore of an ocean , with seaweed in foreground .
A dog is running in the waves at the beach .
A pile of seaweed sits on the sand , behind it a big black dog is running in the water .
A young boy runs while wearing sandals .
Little boy in a striped shirt and brown shorts is running .
The little boy , in a short sleeved shirt and shorts , is running outside .
The little boy is wearing a black pinstripe shirt and walking on a deck .
Young boy running outside on the pavement .
A brown and white dog stands outside while it snows .
A dog is looking at something near the water .
A furry dog attempts to dry itself by shaking the water off its coat .
A white and brown dog shaking its self dry .
The large brown and white dog shakes off water .
Two men are sitting on the ground and going through their backpacks .
Two men sitting in front of a railing are looking at something .
Two men with backpacks placed in front of them sitting in front of a railing .
Two men with backpacks are sitting on cardboard along a railing .
Two older men with backpacks sit at a bus station .
A boy is jumping on a bed .
A boy jumped up from the green bed .
A boy jumps from one bed to another .
A small child is jumping on a bed .
The boy in blue shorts is bouncing on the bed .
A child leaping from bed to bed behind the back of a man .
A man is standing with his arms folded looking at something while the person behind him is jumping onto one of the two beds in the room .
a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of two beds that a boy is jumping on in the background
A young child jumping on the bed as a man looks the other way .
Man standing in the bedroom with little boy jumping into bed .
A snowboarder sits on a slope with skiers and boarders nearby .
A snowboarder takes a rest on the mountainside .
Snowboarders sitting in the snow while skiers take the hill .
The snowboarder is sitting down .
Two skiers stand , two sit on slopes .
A girl in green walks down a city street .
A small child in green clothing walks past a store opening and a woman in pink pants .
A small child walks down a sidewalk .
A young boy is walking in front of some stores
The child in the green one piece suit is walking past a store window .
A boy dressed in soccer attire and holding his shoes getting out of a car .
A boy in a red soccer strip is holding his boots in his hand whilst stepping out of a car .
A boy in glasses is wearing a red shirt .
A child getting out of the car wearing soccer shoes .
A young boy gets out of the van and prepares his shoes for wear during a soccer game .
A bridge through high green plants , a man and a woman on it .
A man and a woman are crossing over a rope bridge with greenery all over them .
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge .
A man and a woman crossing a suspension bridge in a tropical setting .
Woman and man walking across wooden rope bridge with a caution sign beside it .
A family gathered at a painted van
A girl climbing down from the side of a bright blue truck while others watch .
A man is helping a girl step down from a colorful truck whilst a woman and three children watch .
A very colorful bus is pulled off to the side of the road as its passengers load .
Two women and four children standing next to a brightly painted truck .
A blond woman poses with a person in a pink costume .
A smiling woman holds a person dressed in a pig costume .
A young woman hugs a young man who 's wearing a pink costume .
Blond embracing young man in pink costume , at event
Two people are hugging and one is wearing a pink-hooded stretch top .
A bicyclist riding on a city street .
A woman in a blue helmet and brown shorts rides her bike on a busy street .
A woman is riding a blue bike .
A woman is riding her bicycle in traffic
A woman wearing a blue helmet rides her bicycle in a parking lot .
A bicycle rider is crossing a street .
A bicyclist getting ready to cross a street .
A biker in spandex riding on a busy street .
A man in blue and white biking gear rides down a busy street .
a man wearing a helmet riding his bicycle down the street .
A lady wearing a helmet holding a bike .
A woman in a blue vest and a sky blue helmet stands with her bicycle in traffic .
A woman in a helmet rides her bike behind a car .
A woman with a helmet and a backpack walks next to her bike .
Women with bike and helmet wait for traffic .
A man in shorts is jogging along a street with a headset .
A person in blue shorts and wearing a Walkman jogs .
A woman in a white shirt and blue shorts is wearing headphones .
A woman walks on a street wearing headphones .
A woman wearing a white hat and shirt is jogging down a street with a plant store on the corner .
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection .
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection .
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection .
People waiting at a light on bikes .
three bikers stop in town .
A man without a shirt on is guiding a large brown horse pulling a green and yellow wagon .
A shirtless man escorts a horse pulling a carriage along a paved road .
A shirtless man leading a horse that is pulling a carriage .
Shirtless man leading a small horse-drawn covered wagon down a road
The shirtless man is walking the Shetland pony and carriage down the street .
A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball into to net .
A child practices hitting a baseball into a net , while two adult men watch .
A man holds a net while a boys bats a ball into it .
The man is holding the net for the boy playing baseball .
Three people put up a batting cage .
A small girl spins in the waves in the bright sun .
A young girl plays in shallow water .
A young girl wears a shirt and shorts as she plays in the ocean 's surf .
Girl running through the water near the shore .
The little girl splashes through the water .
A girl playing trumpet in a marching band .
A teenager plays her trumpet on the field at a game .
a young girl wearing a blue shirt marching in a band playing a trumpet
Girl playing the trumpet in a marching band
Girl wearing blue shirt and black shorts plays trumped outside .
A girl hands out Starbucks samples at a street fair .
An Asian girl in a green hat and apron is serving drinks on a tray .
a Starbucks barista offering up a tray of drinks
The waitress offers complimentary tea to the patrons .
Woman dressed in a green hat and apron is holding a try full of drink samples .
Three men are setting up a sledge on a snowy plain .
Three men loading items on a sled .
Three people and a sled .
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat .
Three people in the snow put their gear in order .
A child jumping into a lake in a wooded area while another child plays on the shore .
A child jumps into the water with his sneakers on .
A kid jumping into a pool of water .
Little boy in sneakers jumping into water .
The man takes a leap into the water with his shoes on .
A elderly man in a straw hat is sitting on a bench .
a elderly man sits alone on a park bench .
An old man in a straw hat sits on a park bench .
The old man in the brown hat is sitting on the bench .
White haired man in gray sweater and a straw hat sitting on a bench under a tree .
Three girls are walking across a bridge covered with wood and surrounded by trees .
Three girls walking along an arched garden pathway .
Three girls walk under an arbor on a path surrounded by trees .
Three women walking through a tunnel in a park .
Three women walk through a plant covered atrium hallway .
A girl dressed in a red top , a red cap , and light colored shorts , sits on a rock outside .
A little girl in a red hat and yellow flip flops sits on a rock .
A little girl with a red hood and shirt is sitting with legs sprawled on a rock , her mouth open .
A young girl wearing yellow flip-flops is sitting on a large boulder .
The little girl sits on top of a rock .
A man eats near a tent in the snow .
A man sitting near a tent in the snow and ice .
A mountaineer sits in the snow in front of a yellow tent under clear blue sky .
Person wearing a hooded jacket sitting on snow in front of a yellow tent .
Young man in hooded jacket sitting on snow in mountain area .
A grey dog beside a black and white dog running in green grass .
two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field .
two dogs , playing in a field , wrestling with each other
Two dogs run along a grassy field while one bites the other .
Two dogs wrestle in a field .
A man in a red shirt and glasses is bending down towards a small dog on a blanket with several stuffed animals .
A man in a red shirt is giving toys to a small dog .
A man is playing tug of war with his dog .
A man playing with a black dog on a white blanket .
A man playing with his dog on the blanket on the floor .
A guy with a nose piercing .
A man in a red cap with a nose ring .
A teenage boy has a silver ring protruding from his nose .
closeup picture of a man with a nose ring and a brown shirt
Young man with a nose ring and a hat .
A man in yellow grimaces .
a man wearing a yellow shirt with a dramatic look on his face
The man in the yellow t-shirt is pulling a large grin on his face .
There is a man , wearing a yellow shirt , and grimacing .
This man is smiling very big at the camera .
A man is standing by a group of video games in a bar .
a man standing in a bar with a neon beer sign hanging on the wall
A man stands next to a bank of computer gambling machines .
A man stands next to three video game machines and a beer sign .
A man stands next to three video machines .
A big brown dog plays with a smaller grey dog on the grass .
The dark brown dog is playing with the light brown dog .
Two brown dogs are running through the grass .
Two brown dogs run side by side .
Two dogs running and playing rough in the grass .
A girl in blue is jumping on the shore as small waves approach her .
A girl leaps into the air while standing by the ocean .
A young , long-haired , girl on the beach , is jumping in the air .
The girl is running into the ocean from the shore .
The girls is jumping into the air on the beach .
A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
A big dog catches a ball on his nose
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball .
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball .
Dog jumps to get orange ball on his head .
The brown and black dog is jumping up to catch a red ball .
Two blonde boys , one in a camouflage shirt and the other in blue , are having a water fight .
Two boys are squirting water guns at each other .
Two boys spraying each other with water
Two children wearing jeans squirt water at each other .
Two young boys are squirting water at each other .
a brown dog jumping into a pool after a bloe ball .
A dog in the air above the swimming pool .
A dog jumps into a backyard pool .
A tan colored dog is jumping into an outdoor pool .
A tan colored dog leaps into the inground pool .
Parents are pushing little children in red car carts .
twin boys being pushed in small car shaped strollers in a parade
Twin toddlers dressed alike being pushed in plastic car strollers in a parade
Two children ride in toy cars .
Two kids being pushed in car shaped strollers in a parade .
A boys baseball team wear their uniforms .
A small boy smiles as he stands with others wearing the same black hats .
Children sporting their Florida Dolphin caps .
The boys are all wearing the same baseball hats .
Three boys wearing Florida Marlins hats .
A brown dog running through the grass and flowers .
A dog in a field .
A dog running in a field of grass and flowers .
A dog running in shrubbery along a stream .
A dog walks through a field .
A small brown and black dog
A small brown and black dog playing with a toy
A small dog plays with a toy on top of a white blanket .
A small , shaggy dog playing with a toy on a blanket .
Terrier dog playing with toy on blanket
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth .
A dog running across a grassy field with a stick in its mouth .
A dog running with a stick in his mouth
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth .
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth .
A dog jumping into a swimming pool .
A grey dog runs alongside a pool while a yellow dog jumps into the pool .
One dog is jumping into a pool while another runs alongside the pool 's edge .
one tan dog jumping in a pool while the other grey dog is on the deck
Two dogs jumping into a swimming pool .
A little old lady sitting next to an advertisement .
An Asian woman waiting at an underground train stop .
An old woman sits in a transit station next to a backlit advertisement .
A woman sits in a subway station .
A woman with an umbrella is sitting at a station , with an Aquos commercial on the wall .
A girl rides a unicycle as another rides a scooter next to her .
A girl rides a unicycle with a child who rides a scooter .
A young girl rides a unicycle next to another riding a scooter on a busy street .
The girl on the unicycle reaches out for the child on the scooter .
There is a girl on a unicycle and a child on a scooter .
A man in a brown shirt sitting on a dock and reading .
A man is sitting next to the water , reading .
A man reading a book on the dock near a post .
A person in a brown jacket is sitting on a pier by the water reading .
Person sitting on concrete landing next to body of water
a person sits at a table behind a tree .
A person wearing a purple jacket stands behind a tall tree .
A woman in a purple jacket is eating a snack at a table behind the tree .
A woman sits at a picnic table eating with luggage .
People eat under green trees .
a couple walking along on a sidewalk
A man and a woman walk outside .
A man and woman standing in front of a refreshment stand
A man in a black shirt and jeans walks beside a woman in black pants and a flowery shirt in front of a refreshment stand with others walking nearby .
A woman with a floral shirt and purse and a man with a black shirt are walking while another man walks behind them .
A boy lays on a picnic table bench .
A child is laying down on a wooden bench .
A child is on a bench with arms stretched out .
A little boy in a red shirt sitting on a wooden picnic table bench .
A little boy lies down on a picnic table bench .
Dogs fight in grass over toy .
On grass , two brown dogs tussle for orange toy .
Two dogs are playing rough in a green field of grass .
Two dogs play with an orange toy in tall grass .
Two large brown dogs are playing in the grass .
A boy and a person suspended above a dome structure .
A boy in a blue shirt is posing in front of an igloo type building with a person dangling from a rope above the building .
A boy poses for a picture and in the background a man is hanging by a rope .
A boy stands near a structure outside .
a young man wearing a blue shirt with a strange white building in the background
A girl in a brown dress surrounded by children closes her eyes .
A girl in a yellow dress with the sun shining on her face
a girl in yellow dress is standing with her eyes closed in a busy park .
A young girl in a white dress
Children at a park .
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket .
A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket .
A man takes a picture of another man in an open area just off of a busy street .
A young man taking a picture of another young man outdoors
Young man takes picture of another young man in front of church .
A family sits on a bench near a beach .
A family sits on a bench overlooking the beach .
A man , woman , girl , and boy sit on a concrete bench by a beach .
Family sitting on a bench near the beach .
Taking a break while vacationing at the beach
A group of climbers begin up a sheer rock face .
A group of rock climbers climb a rock wall in a forest .
Many people are climbing the mountain surrounded by pretty green trees .
People at a distance trying to climb a cliff .
The flat side of a large , rocky mountain .
two men cleaning the outside windows of a yacht
Two men climb the side of a boat .
Two men on the side of a barge
Two people outside cleaning windows while on a ledge of a boat .
Two people stand on the side of a large white and red boat .
Two children are laughing in the grass .
Two girls laughing outside in a yard .
Two girls standing on grass face each other .
Two young girls are playing and laughing in a green grassy yard .
Two young girls playing together .
A boy in a red and white shirt is on a swing .
A child looking back on a fast moving swing .
A litlle boy playing on a swing
A young boy in orange and white swings in a playground at a park .
A young boy plays on a swing .
A boy eats with a spoon .
A little boy holds a spoon up to his mouth .
A little boy is eating his food off of a spoon while sitting on a patio .
A small child dressed in green is eating with a spoon .
A young child holds a spoon to its mouth while sitting in a chair .
A girl walking alone at night on a street .
A woman in a blue coat and blue heels walks down a city sidewalk at night .
A woman walking down a brick sidewalk .
A woman walks down a brick sidewalk at night .
A woman walks down a city sidewalk at night .
A black dog and a brown dog playing in tall weeds .
A brown dog and a black dog are standing against each other in some grass
Two dogs are playing outside in a field .
Two dogs play in tall grass .
Two dogs wrestle together in the long grass .
A brown dog jumping in the air on a brown plain .
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball .
A brown dog leaping to catch a ball .
A coppery dog leaps to catch a ball .
A dog leaps into the air in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
A child in gray clothes is sleeping on a red cushion .
A little boy has fallen asleep on a miniature sofa and a pacifier in his mouth .
A sleeping child sucking on a pacifier .
A toddler wearing a pacifier is sleeping on a red blanket with a teddy bear at his side .
a young baby sucking a Binky asleep in a chair .
A baby girl playing at a park .
A closeup of a child on a playground with adult supervision .
A young boy poses for a picture in front of a playground .
A young girl is smiling in front of the camera at a park .
There is a little blond hair girl with a green sweatshirt and a red shirt playing on a playground .
A girl in a helmet rides a horse .
A girl rides a horse .
A young girl wearing a helmet and riding a brown horse .
Girl with black helmet riding brown dappled horse
The little girl is riding in a brown horse .
a Korean man sells soda .
A man is sitting at an outside bar near many soda and beer cans .
A man wearing glasses with aluminum cans lined up in front of him .
An elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans .
Vendor selling drinks in a stall .
The hatted males pose for a picture .
The two men are wearing tall hats , one hat is a red print and the other is gold colored .
Two men in tall hats frown at the camera
Two men wear silly stove pipe hats and wear makeup .
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera .
A person in a blue shirt sits behind two people sitting on a wood bench .
People sit on benches .
People sitting on benches in a public area .
Three people sit on wood benches set on white and orange tile .
Three people sit waiting in a lobby .
A man in sunglasses on an overpass .
A man looking at the camera with another man wearing a mask .
A man wearing sunglasses is standing next to a person who is wearing a hat and breathing mask .
The man is wearing a white shirt and sunglasses .
There are two men with sunglasses , one of which is wearing a hat and a backpack .
A boy in a wetsuit jumps into a pool with a bald man .
A boy with goggles jumping into a pool containing a man .
A child is jumping into a pool while a man is watching the child
A swimming person is watching a child jump into a pool with blue water .
A young boy jumps in a swimming pool towards a bald man in the water .
A boy flips off a diving board into a pool .
A boy is diving off a diving board into a swimming pool .
A child is diving into a pool .
A child jumping into a swimming pool from the diving board .
Child flips off pool diving board , man and another tumbling child at poolside .
A lady holds a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles .
A woman is holding a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles .
A woman with holding a young girl playing with bubbles at a picnic .
A young woman in a blue shirt stands , holding a young girl in a denim dress .
There is a woman holding her baby daughter while the daughter claps .
A brown dog biting a gray dogs ear .
Brown dog biting a grey dogs ear .
Tan dog on grass with mouth open , about to bite gray dog 's ear .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field ; one dog is biting the ear of the other dog .
Two dogs are playing together on green grass .
Girls wearing sports uniforms and eye protection .
Several female lacrosse players are going after a ball .
These girls are in uniforms and are playing field hockey .
The woman lacrosse player in blue is about to catch the ball .
Women play lacrosse .
A dog in a number six jersey is running through a field .
A dog is leaping through the grass .
A dog is wearing a red number 6 and running through a field of green grass while being chased by a bird .
A white and tan dog leaps through the air .
The dog in a vest leaps in the air and there is a bird flying .
A brown horse and a black foal on the beach
A brown horse stands near a black horse that is sitting on the ground .
A large brown horse stands over a small black colt that is kneeling on the sand .
An adult horse approaching a foal on a sandy plain .
A thin brown horse standing and a small black horse sitting on sand .
