A couple holding hands and another woman are walking down a wooded trail .
A couple holding hands and a woman standing beside them pose on a tree lined dirt road .
Three friends on a stroll in the forest .
Three people stand on a path through the woods .
Two women and a man posing on a rural path.
A BMX bike rider in a black and red uniform on a dirt bike .
A person on a bmx bike .
A person wearing a black helmet rides a red bike through the woods .
Biker with helmet riding red dirt bike in the woods .
Dirt bike rider getting ready to start down the slope .
A man in yellow is leaping toward men in blue .
A soccer game on a grassy field .
A yellow team soccer player is jumping on two blue team players while other players run alongside .
Guys wearing yellow , red , and blue are running in the grass .
Man jumping on another during a game in the grass .
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A brown and white dog jumping in the air near a wooden fence .
A dog barks at plants in a walled concrete courtyard .
A dog catches a ball in midair .
A tan and white dog jumps up with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A man dressed for cold weather plays with a stick with his black and brown dog .
A man in a brown vest and glasses plays with a brown dog .
A man in orange pants and brown vest is playing tug-of-war with a dog .
A man tries to take a stick away from a brown dog .
a man tugging on a stick that a little dog has in his mouth.
A family is watching a girl on the phone walk by .
A girl in a dress walks while a family stands in the background .
A woman walks and talks on her cellphone while nearby men watch .
a woman wearing a blue dress walking by a group of staring guys.
Lady on a cellphone walking in front of a group of men .
Two girls are jumping high in the air .
Two girls are jumping up high in front of the pine trees .
Two girls in midair with trees in the background.
Two girls in mid leap , one with jeans and red shirt other with black pants floral shirt.
Two girls leap through the air .
A man and a boy ride a go kart.
A man helps a boy steer a go-cart .
An old man drives a go cart with a little boy .
Man and child riding in go cart .
Old man teaching little kid to drive .
A child covered with paint sits amid trays of multicolored paint on a surface thoroughly saturated with paint .
A child plays with paint .
A little girl in a white shirt has been playing with paint and covered herself and her room .
A young child sitting in a mess of paint .
a young child sitting in a mess of paint spilled everywhere .
A brown and white dog wrestles with a gray dog .
A brown dog and a brown and white dog romp in the grass.
Two dogs are playing and rolling around with each other in the grass .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy area .
Two dogs wrestling in the grass.
A man is riding a bull at a rodeo setting with a small crowd watching .
A man riding a bucking bull at a rodeo .
bull riding with people watching.
The bull and rider are being observed by a group of people .
There is a man with a white cowboy hat riding a bull .
A dog is running while another dog behind it carries a tennis ball .
A dog runs with another dog in the background holding a ball in its mouth .
Two black and white dogs running in a field .
Two black and white dogs walking on dirt , one of which has a ball in its mouth .
Two dogs are running in the dirt , one with a ball in its mouth .
A grey bearded scottish gentleman in red plaid is playing the bagpipes .
A man with a beard in the foreground playing bagpipes.
A parade of bagpipers walk through a city street .
Several bagpipers in Scottish dress .
The man with the white beard is playing a red bagpipe .
A blonde haired man is doing a demonstration in front of a small crowd of people .
A man demonstrates his product to an audience .
A man in a striped shirt is demonstrating a product .
A man is standing behind and desk and there is part of a red car hanging above his head .
a man shows off his exibit to many people .
A man in a blue headband plays tennis .
A man running during a tennis match .
A tennis player is running across the court with a racquet in his hand .
Closeup of a man running with a tennis racket.
This man , wearing a blue headband and white shirt , is playing tennis .
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses sit at a table with four beer bottles .
There are two guys sitting around a table , both with beers in their hands .
Two men drinking beers at a table.
Two men in sunglasses sit at a table drinking beer .
Two men sit at a small round table and drink beer .
A man in a blue an yellow coat ski jumps .
A person jumping down a hill on skis .
A skier splits his or her legs while flying throught the air over a ski hill .
A skier is performing a trick high in the air over a snowy area .
The skier is jumping high above the snow .
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow .
A brown dog is running through the snow with a Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog catches a red Frisbee in the snow .
A dog holding a Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog is running in the snow carrying a red Frisbee .
A group of children in costume , learning a dance from an instructor .
Children and adults in bright colored clothes are dancing .
Children in colorful costumes are performing on a stage beside a white building .
Little kids with colorful skirts over their clothes are dancing .
The people are making hand gestures .
A Dalmatian is playing near a tree .
A Dalmation chews on a small branch of a tree .
A Dalmation Dog bites a small branch on a tree while up on his hind legs .
A young dalmatian wears a hat next to a tree .
The spotted dog chews on a tree .
A lady in a plaid dress strokes her white dog 's face .
An old woman with a white greyhound is standing on the sidewalk .
A woman in a plaid dress holding the collar of a white dog .
A woman poses with her white dog on a sidewalk .
A woman wearing a plaid dress standing on the sidewalk next to a white dog.
a bald man in a blue shirt is operating a fiery furnace .
A man in an apron operating an open wood stove .
A man operating a furnace .
A man wearing a black apron is cooking .
The man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .
A bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of Spiderman .
A grown man wears an outfit made of a Spider-Man bedspread .
a man wearing a spiderman outfit with a mask covering his face also .
A person wearing a spiderman print outfit looks up with a hood on his face .
The man is wearing a spiderman outfit .
A guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark.
A skateboarder in a green shirt is performing a jump .
A skateboarder in the city .
a skateboarder wearing a green shirt jumping on a ramp.
Skateboarder in green shirt doing tricks in air .
Three children in a village stand under an awning.
Three children in ragged clothes are standing outside a thatched hut .
Three children stand in front of their home .
Three children standing near huts .
three children playy together .
A black-and-white dog goes for a flattened ball on the snow .
A black and white dog is playing with an orange ball in the snow .
A black dog is chasing a punctured ball in the snow .
A dog getting a ball in the snow.
The little black and white dog is in the snow whit a red ball .
The two kids are looking at a sign .
Two children looking up at a large fashion advertisement on a concrete wall .
two little boys admire a shop window .
two small children standing next to a jeans advertisement .
Two small children stand next to a window display .
A baby takes a bath while grownups watch .
A bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub .
A group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath .
Four old adults stand around a bathtub while a toddler is taking a bath .
Some people are standing around watching a baby taking a bath .
A black dog running across green grass .
A black dog running in grass .
A black dog runs in the grass , its tongue hanging out .
A black dong runs across a grassy field.
Small black dog running in grass.
A brown dog is lying on a grassy field as the wind blows through his fur .
A dog playing in the grass .
a golden retriever is running in a grassy field.
A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .
The dog is running through the grass in the sun .
A brown dog looks off into the distance by some farm equipment .
A dark brown dog standing on construction equipment .
A dog looking off into the distance .
A grey dog with a matching collar standing beside a tractor .
Brown dog with brown collar looking to left with a clear blue sky in background .
A tennis player about to hit the ball .
A tennis player gets ready to return the ball .
A tennis player in mid-swing at a match .
A tennis player wearing a black shirt swings back to hit a yellow ball .
Man in black and white playing tennis .
Andy Rodderick gets ready to hit a tennis ball .
Andy Roddick plays tennis .
A tennis player in mid game holding a racquet .
Man dressed in black and white holds his tennis racket up waiting for the ball .
Tennis player getting ready to play tennis .
A baseball player is on the field in fronmt of an audience .
A man in a black top and white cap is stretching backwards in a sports stadium .
A man wearing a white hat swings his arm back to throw .
A tennis player about to serve .
Tennis player is serving the ball .
A man in a red kayak .
a man in a red kayak pedalling through a wave.
A man is kayaking in the ocean on an orange kayak .
A person in a kayak rides waves in the ocean .
The male kayaker is moving through the rough water .
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion .
A group of men stand talking in front of a statute of a blue lion .
A group of people in suits stand around a man in a pink shirt who is lecturing .
Man giving lecture to interested people in front of a clue statue .
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion .
A couple is holding their baby at a ceremony while the priest reads his book.
a couple stadning with their children getting baptized by a priest .
A priest holding a book is looking towards a woman and her baby .
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches .
woman holding baby with priest.
Kids playing in a tub of plastic balls .
Two little children are in a bin of colored balls .
Two small girls playing in a multicolored ball pen .
Two young girls are in an enclosure filled with balls .
Two young girls are playing with plastic balls in a ball pit .
A man in swimming trunks kicking a ball at the beach .
A man jumping in the air at a beach.
A person in black and white swim trunks falling into the sand at the beach .
A teenager in striped shorts is leaping into the air on the beach .
The man is playing with a foam football on the beach .
A man in a kayak is holding his paddle up high .
A man is kayaking through rough water .
Kayak rider raises arms as he 's splashed with water .
Spray obscures the face and torso of the paddle wielding man in the red kayak .
The kayaker holding an oar , is raising both arms in the air , while waves splash around him .
A man in black is applauding a runner wearing a red jersey and the number 281 .
A runner during a race .
Runner number 281 is being clapped on by a passerby .
The man is running a race is being cheered on by spectators .
The runner is wearing a red tank top and is being watched by a man in black .
A girl reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .
A small child kissing a cat on the kitchen counter .
A young girl standing next to a yellow cat on a kitchen countertop .
Little girl in kitchen , kissing a fluffy orange cat .
The little girl is kissing the brown cat .
A man in a blue shirt lifts up his tennis racket and smiles .
A man playing tennis looks very happy .
A tennis player in a blue shirt celebrates his match .
A tennis player wearing a blue shirt raises his hands and smiles .
The tennis player in the blue shirt is holding his racquet up in the air .
A boy in dark pants and green t-shirt rides his bike up a ramp .
A man is jumping his bicycle off a ramp in a skate park .
A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps his bike over a ramp .
A teen boy doing a bicycle trick on a bike ramp.
A young man is performing a bicycle jump on a ramp .
A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round .
a child on a spinning wheel holding on for dear life.
A young boy rides a blue and yellow merry-go-round with an adult male hand in the foreground .
A young kid is standing up on the merry go round .
The boy is standing on the playground equipment in the blue triangle .
A group of men in an unner tube going over some rapids.
A raft with a group of people is turned over after a crashing wave .
People are tossed around in a blue raft in a foamy river .
Two blue inflatable rafts are involved in a collision on white water .
Two rafts overturn in a river .
A brown dog jumping over a pole .
A dog jumping a pole .
A light brown dog jumps over a hurdle indoors .
Brown dog leaping over an obstacle bar in a room .
Large brown dog jumps over a low rail .
An individual is skiing down a mountain slope .
A person skiing down a snowy mountainside .
A skier is skiing down a very steep slope with a mountain in the background .
A skier goes down a near vertical slope .
Skier coming down a very steep snow peak .
A beaver on the shore of a stream .
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants .
A dog hides in the bushes .
A dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore.
A dog makes it way through tall weeds .
An african american woman dressed in orange is hitting a tennis ball with a racquet .
A tennis player in an orange outfit hits a ball .
A tennis player in orange is striking the ball with her racquet .
A woman in an orange athletic outfit playing tennis.
Serena Williams hitting a ball in an orange outfit.
many people gather at the art museum .
Many people look at art in the main lobby of a museum .
People mill about a large are with a round desk .
People milling around the information booth .
Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk .
A female tennis player wearing orange in the middle of a tennis match .
An african american woman is leaning over while holding a tennis racket .
a tennis player wearing an orange tennis outfit on the court .
A woman playing tennis , swinging her racket .
Woman playing tennis in a bright orange outfit .
A group of people standing on a rock path .
A group of women converse together while overlooking the views of the foliage .
A woman looks skeptically at the person taking a picture of her and 3 girls who are outdoors .
Four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence .
Women are outside .
A brown dog wearing an orange collar leaping to catch a bright colored ball .
A dog catching a ball.
A dog leaps away with a ball in its mouth .
A dog leaps high to catch a ball .
A jog is jumping in the air to catch a ball in a backyard .
A bunch of girls in cheerleader outfits .
a large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade.
Cheerleaders perform .
many cheerleaders wearing black , walk down the street .
Parade of cheerleaders wearing black , pink and white uniforms .
A bride and groom jump towards each other with arms outstretched .
A groom leaps off of a stone wall and into his wife 's arms .
A man in a suit leaps toward his bride .
A man in a tuxedo jumps toward a woman in a wedding dress .
A man in wetsuit jumps towards a wet bride .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt is playing at a park .
Children playing on a playground .
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym .
The boy is wearing a blue shirt , and the girl is wearing black clothes .
The two kids are playing at the playground .
Three people are standing on the ruined building with their arms outstretched .
Three people climbing rocks .
Three people posing by a brick wall giving signs to the camera .
Three people posing for a camera.
Three people standing on a stone wall .
A man in yellow sits on a rock ledge overlooking a forest .
A person in a yellow raincoat is sitting on the edge of a rock looking down.
A person in a yellow raincoat seating on a cliff .
A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .
A person sitting on the edge of a rock outcropping looking down.
Two dogs are playing together and fighting over a toy .
Two dogs fight over a bone .
Two dogs grasp a red object at once .
Two dogs playing with the same red toy .
two dogs play tug of war for a red toy .
a man gets ready to hit the tennis ball .
A tennis player moving for a shot .
A tennis player with green a green headband on is ready to hit the ball .
Tennis champ Rafael Nadal lunges to return a ball .
Tennis player lunges to the left .
A male tennis player pumps his fist .
a male tennis player with a blue headband is holding a racquet.
a man in a pink and yellow shirt and blue headband is holding a tennis racquet whilst standing with his mouth open .
A man with the tennis racket is wearing a blue headband and blue wristbands and playing tennis .
Nadal celebrating , wearing a green headband.
A boy hits a tennis ball on a court .
A boy hits a tennis ball with a black and yellow racket .
A boy hits a tennis ball with his tennis racquet .
A boy plays tennis .
A teenage boy hits a tennis ball with a racket .
A male tennis player runs for a shot .
A man has a racquet in his hand and is playing a game of tennis .
A man with a tennis racket goes for the ball .
a tennis player is running on the court with his racquet in his hand .
a tennis player runs for the ball .
A boy in a Mets jersey poses on his bike .
A boy in a New York Mets shirt sitting on a toy Harly Davison motorcycle on a tennis court .
A boy wearing a Mets jersey is riding a moter bike on the playground .
A young boy wearing a Mets jersey poses on a toy motorcycle in a recreational area .
Little boy rides around playground on a motorized bike .
A group of people watching a chess game .
Many people are sitting in a park watching a chess game .
People gather around a life size chess game .
Several people are at a park watching a chess game played with giant pieces .
The crowd is watching an over sized chess match .
A group of horses and riders are playing polo on the grass .
A group of horses and their riders are racing each other .
A horse race on a grass track.
Jockeys are riding their horses down the track .
Jockeys racing horses down a grass track .
A group of people sitting in a grassy area under a pink and white blossoming tree .
People are sitting at a park under flowering trees .
People outside sitting on the grass under cherry blossom trees .
The students sitting on the grass are eating a lunch from a red backpack .
Young people sit on the grass near a crooked tree with pink blossoms .
A male tennis player holding his tennis racket .
A man holding a tennis racket is looking in the distance with his hand over his mouth .
A man in a sleeveless blue tennis shirt blows kisses to the fans .
A tennis player holds one hand to his mouth and the other holds a racket .
a tennis player in a green striped shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth .
A boy doing a handstand in a yellow shirt.
A boy is brake dancing as a crowd watches .
A man is standing on his hands on a sidewalk while others watch .
A man is standing on his hands with lots of people around him .
A person doing a handstand in front of others .
A guy playing tennis , two nearby spectators , and a crowd watching .
A tennis player hitting a ball .
The tennis player gets ready to hit the ball that is almost at him .
The tennis player is hitting the ball with his racquet , while others watch the match .
the tennis player wearing white hits the tennis ball .
A male athlete is wearing a teal sweatband and a shirt from Nike and is holding a tennis racket .
A man plays tennis .
A tennis player is carrying a tennis racket .
a tennis player wearing a yellow , white and blue shirt carrying a racquet.
The tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband .
A man hits a tennis ball during a professional match .
A man hits the tennis ball with his racket .
A man in a blue headband playing tennis .
A man is hitting a tennis ball in a professional match .
A man with a green headband plays tennis .
A person holding a tennis racket hits a yellow tennis ball .
A tennis player hitting the ball.
A tennis player hitting the ball .
The tennis ball is about to be hit .
This man is hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket .
A small boy wearing a red helmet rides his bicycle down a patterned path .
A toddler rides his little bicycle down a paved path .
A young boy in a red helmet bikes through a park .
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road.
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and a red helmet riding a bike on a sidewalk.
a little girl plays with a plane .
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane .
A young blonde child holding an airplane .
The blonde haired child is holding the small plane .
The blond haired and blue eyed child holds the wooden airplane in his hands .
A group of people in hazmat suits are standing with a dummy on a stretcher .
People wearing suits practicing a rescue in a dangerous environment .
several men in biohazard suits carrying a human looking doll on a rolling bed.
Several men in protective suits are rolling a man on a gurnee .
There is a man on a stretcher surrounded by men in hazmat suits .
A child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool .
A father launches his daughter in an Oceanside pool .
A young girl jumps off the hands of a man in a pool near the ocean .
The man throws the child into the water .
The man tossed a child into the swimming pool near the ocean .
Boys outside a building .
Kids play soccer in front of a marble building with giant oak doors .
several young boys playing soccer in front of a huge brown wooden door.
Some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door .
The four children are playing with a ball outside a building .
A few people standing around and a couple hugging .
A woman embraces a smiling man at a party .
A woman hugging a man at a formal occassion .
A woman hugs a man at an evening event .
Person in black with brown hair hugging man in black pinstripe jacket in a room of other people .
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags .
A large crowd of people , some with green , white and tan striped flags .
a parade has many flags and people .
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags .
People hold flags in a crowded block .
A gorup of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door .
Children kicking ball in front of very large medieval looking building.
Children play in front of a large door .
Four boys playing a game with a soccer ball in front of a large set of ornate doors .
Kids playing ball outside in front of building .
Two girls in blue dresses dance .
Two girls in jean dresses laugh and play .
Two little girls are smiling in blue dresses .
Two little girls in blue dresses laugh .
Two young girls wearing denim dresses playing near a armchair .
A grown man and a topless girl are dancing .
A shirtless child dances with an adult man .
A shirtless child plays with an adult indoors .
Man and child dancing .
The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long haired child in front of a painting .
A girl in pink polka dots looks at a horse .
A girl is hanging on the fence watching a horse .
A little girl stands on the fence while peeking through it to look at the horse .
A young girl clings to a fence ant watches the horse on the other side .
A young girl dressed all in pink is standing on a fence and looking at a horse .
A girl wearing an hat and holding an iPod sits on the side of a building .
A man sits on the sidewalk listening to headphones .
a single woman wearing a black hat and leather jacket listening to music.
Person in a black hat , jacket , pants and shoes sitting on concrete curb against a brick background .
Person listening to mp3 player sitting on curb .
A strange piece of art with lights .
Onlookers view picture with wires and lights .
The two people are viewing an artist 's piece .
The two people gazed at the unique pictures on the wall .
Two people looking at a light exhibit of some sort .
a man is wearing a black hat and a brown scarf in a city street .
A man wearing a bowler cap and scarf .
A man wearing a hat and scarf stands in a crowd .
A man wearing a hat is standing in a crowd of people .
The old man is wearing glasses , a scarf , and a hat .
Two boys are sprinting on a running track .
Two boys race each other on foot .
Two men in a running contest .
two young men running along a track .
Two young men run on a track outside .
A biker pops a wheelie along side the colorful wall .
A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall .
A boy performing a wall trick with his bicycle on a wall covered with graffiti .
A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti .
A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall .
A boy holds a fishing net .
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground .
A boy playing with a racquet .
A child holds a catcher with a mouse in it .
A child plays with a tennis racket on the ground .
A male tennis player standing on a tennis court swings his tennis racket at the tennis ball .
A man plays tennis .
A man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball .
A tennis player focuses on the ball as he prepares to hit it , while a cameraman stands in the background next to a La Quinta advertising logo .
The tennis player holds his racket up anticipating the ball .
A man climbs up a rock while others wait for their turns .
A man in a blue shirt climbs a rock while people behind him in red shirts watch .
A man reaching up to grasp a rock formation .
A smiling man climbs a rock .
Man with widows peak reaching up rock face .
A climber hanging from an ice pick in the side of a frozen waterfall .
A climber with a blue hat is scaling an icy rock cliff .
A man repels down a snowy mountain .
A rock climber scales an icy wall .
The climber is wearing a red jacket as he climbs the ice .
A man doing a trick on skis .
A man makes an X with his skis as he jumps .
A skier in a plaid jacket flies through the air against a dark blue sky .
Person in dark pants and print top on ski 's in the air over snow covered ground .
The person is jumping through the air on skis .
A man and a woman walk at a flea market .
An asian couple walks through a market .
A young couple walking together through an outdoor market .
A young man and woman are walking along an outdoor market .
People standing and walking in a flea market .
An Asian woman is at a market stall that is selling bananas .
A woman holding bags behind plantains .
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand .
A woman shops for bananas in an open-air market .
Woman by green bananas at an open air market.
A bicyclist catches some air.
A helmeted boy on a bike flies through the air as he rides among dirt hills with a river in the background .
A man is doing a stunt outside on his bike.
Bike rider doing a high jump over hilly track , water in background .
This helmeted person is doing a stunt on a bicycle outdoors .
A child in a red and grey coat in front of a wooden shed .
A child 's shadow is shown behind him .
A little boy in a thick jacket stands with his hand high over his head .
The little boy in the red jacket is casting a shadow .
This boy is waving around his arms outside .
A brown and black dog runs over the green grass .
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees .
A dog runs on the green grass near a grove of trees .
A dog with a brown and white coat runs through a field of bright green grass .
A fairly large dog is running through the grass.
A boy jumps near a brick structure .
A child is jumping on a trampoline in front of a brick wall and below colored flags .
A little kid is jumping off a brick balcony .
A small boy is jumping off of a brick wall onto a table below .
Boy falling from railing with building , colorful banners in background .
A man climbing the icicles on a rock face .
A man climbs icy rocks .
A man climbs up a sheer wall of ice .
A man in a red jacket mountain climbing an icy rock mountain .
A person in a red and black outfit climbing the side of an icy mountain ,.
A crowd of people sit an walk across dirty streets.
A group of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store nearby a littered street .
A woman is sitting on the curb staring off into the distance .
Many people are standing outside on a street filled with litter .
One woman sitting on a sidewalk with others to the side and behind her .
a man in a black outfit is riding a blue snowmobile across the snow .
A man riding a purple snowmobile.
A man wearing snow clothes and a helmet drives a snow vehicle in the snow .
A man with a helmet is going snowmobiling .
A person riding a snowmobile on large amounts of snow .
The dogs run through the field near the water .
Two black dogs are chasing each other through shallow grass toward water .
Two dogs are running towards the water through brown grass .
Two dogs are running toward the water .
Two dogs run two a pond on a winter day .
A boy in a red suit plays in the water .
A boy in a red swimsuit jumps into the water to join two people .
A boy takes a flying leap into the water .
The boy in the red shorts jumps into the water to join other people .
The boy wearing red shorts is jumping into the river as other children swim .
A brown dog is standing in the water .
A brown dog standing in water .
A dog stands in water .
A dog with golden fur is chest deep in water .
The dog is in the water looking back .
Two cowboys on horseback lasso a young calf to the ground .
Two cowboys on horses wrangle a calf in a rodeo .
Two cowboys rope a steer from horseback in an indoor corral .
Two men ride horses and a calf runs between them .
Two people on horses chasing cow in an arena .
A cowboy on a horse ropes a steer .
A cowboy trying to rope a bull while on a horse.
A cowboy wrangles a calf in a rodeo .
a girl on a horse trying to catch a bull with a rope.
A person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse .
One little girl dressed in pink watches another , also wearing some pink , jump on the trampoline .
Two girls are jumping on the trampoline in a backyard .
Two girls in pink on trampoline , one sitting and one jumping.
Two little girls on a trampoline and a playhouse is behind them .
Two small girls are jumping on an outdoor trampoline in a backyard .
Dogs run out of the water toward a rocky beach .
Three dogs are in the water next to a rocky shorline .
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore .
Two large dogs and a small dog play in a lake .
Two medium dogs and a small dog are playing in shallow water .
a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk .
Two old people walk down a set of stairs , holding hands .
Two people are walking onto a stepping stone path .
Two people holding hands and walking in a field .
Two people walk outside while holding hands .
A man in a blue wetsuit surfs .
A surfer in blue rides a wave .
A surfer is being splashed by an ocean wave .
a surfer makes a big splash .
Person with a blue and black suit is surfing .
A man and two woman are riding around on a motor scooter .
A man and two women are all sat on a single motor scooter .
A man and two women are riding a vehicle that is racing past the surrounding scenery .
A man and two women on one motorcycle .
three people riding on a motorcycle.
A car is zooming off with fire coming out of its exhaust pipe .
A race car has fire shooting out the back .
A race car on a track has flames shooting from the rear .
Fire is coming out of the back of a race car .
Flaming are shooting from the rear of a race car .
A beige dog with a collar looks on as a brown dog swims in the water .
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water .
A curly haired dog is standing on a beach while staring at a dog in deep water .
A white , curly haired dog is wearing a harness and watching another black and brown dog in the water .
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water .
A black dog approaches the camera with his hind legs raised and his ears forward .
A black dog in the backyard .
A black dog running in a backyard.
A black dog running in a grassy fenced in yard .
a black great Dane running toward the camera in a backyard.
A brown dog laying on its back .
A brown dog lies upside down on the cement road .
A dog lies on his back on a road .
A large dog is laying on its back , outside on a blacktop , with its legs in the air .
A tan dog is rolling on his back on some asphalt with a bike and a scooter in the background .
A boy standing on railing.
A boy stands on a rail with his arms outstretched .
An in-line skater is attempting a trick in a long metal rail behind a large structure .
A skateboarder is riding a skateboard along a metal railing in front of a concrete building .
The boy is doing a trick on a rail next to an overpass .
A boy carrying a chunk of snow .
A boy in a red coat holds a huge ball of snow .
A child outside with snow .
A child wearing a red coat and cap is holding a large chunk of snow .
The boy in the red hat and jacket is carrying a huge lump of snow .
A lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her .
A shawled woman sits with others .
a small group of people sitting together outside .
A woman in a headscarf sits near children in a box decorated with flowers and balloons .
The old woman is sitting with the children surrounded by streamers .
A man in a turban looks at two police officers who are near a tent and a pile of refuse .
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent .
Turbaned man and two police officers stand in front of a white canopy and a pile of garbage bags.
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers .
Two police officers observe while a crowd gathers outside a white tarp .
A group of people are standing around a red firetruck .
A group of people are standing beside a firetruck .
A group of people in front of a red firetruck .
A group of people with a fire engine in the background .
A red firetruck is parked beside a group of people and kids standing in the street .
Two men getting ready to take a motorcycle ride .
Two men park their red motorcycles near a church .
Two motorcycles and their riders .
Two people dressed in leather are standing beside their motorcycles .
Two people look at two red motorcycles in a place where there are religious murals on the wall .
A girl in her ballet class.
A little girl in a dancing class .
A little girl in a pink tutu practices dancing with scarves .
A woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves .
Some girls dance while waving gauzey fabric .
A group of men walk along a road divided with yellow ropes .
A group of men walk on a street with yellow ribbon in front of a white and red building .
A group of middle eastern men are walking down a street in front of a building .
Man in maroon turban standing in road while people walk past.
Many people are walking down a road in both directions , some are wearing turbans.
A dog running outside .
A light brown dog is running in a grassy area .
A long-haired dog is running across the grass toward the camera , its tongue hanging out of its open mouth .
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field .
Dog running in a field .
A girl in a white dress is playing with bubbles while a mother and daughter stand to the side .
A woman stands with two young girls in dresses looking at bubbles .
A young girl in a white dress watches bubbles while a woman and girl toddler observe .
Two girls looking at bubbles in the air .
Two little girls and an adult watch bubbles float through the air in front of them .
A little boy in red walks and eats a snack while a little boy in green walks behind .
A young boy eats chips while another little boy follows .
Two children walk on a tiled floor .
Two little kids walk side by side while one eats something .
two young children walking on a tiled floor.
A man in a sleeveless shirt is performing an aerial stunt along a graffiti-covered wall .
a man jumping of the wall of a large graffitied wall .
A skateboarder uses a ramp .
A young man skates down the side of a colorful wall .
The man is wearing a no sleeve shirt and blue jeans on a graffiti wall .
a guy and a girl jumping up in the air.
A man and a woman are running and jumping on top of a hill .
Two people are running at the top of a mountain .
Two people jump up and down on a cliff overlooking a valley .
Two women jump in the grass atop a mountain .
A dog runs along a forest lane .
A pale dog is running along a dirt path .
A shaggy dog runs down a dirt trail in a lush forest .
A white and brown shaggy dog is running down a dirt path in a park .
The curly haired white dog is running down a wooded path .
A biker doing a jump in a forest .
a boy doing a jump on his bike in the woods.
A boy on a mountain bike lands after a jump while riding in the forest .
A guy racing his motorcycle on a trail .
A man is riding his bicycle through the woods .
A black dog and a brindle dog wrestle in the dry grass beside a body of water .
a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog .
Two dogs fight or play in a field .
Two dogs in a rocky field , face to face , with a stick between them .
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake .
A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle .
A group of basketball players in a huddle .
A sports team is in a huddle with hands together .
Basketball players huddle .
Players wearing black.
a brown dog is sitting on the grass wearing a blue sports jacket .
A dog in a blue sweater is sitting in the grass .
A gray dog sits on a lawn wearing a bright blue long sleeved jacket .
A gray dog wearing a blue long sleeved zip-up jacket .
The gray dog sits quietly , dressed in a blue track jacket .
A dog biting a man 's rear.
A dog trying to bite a man who is training him.
A large , brown dog is jumping on a man in a protective suit .
Dog nudges owner while out for a stoll in the grass .
Police dog has caught a trainer .
A black dog inside house is looking at something at higher position .
A black dog is about to sit down in a white carpeted room .
A black dog is hunched back and is ready to jump .
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet .
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet .
A black dog catches a red and blue tennis ball .
A black dog on a yard of grass is catching a blue and red ball in its mouth .
A black dog with a green collar holds a red and blue object in its mouth .
A dog catches a colored ball while standing in the grass .
A small black dog playing with a ball in the grass .
A group of three dogs competing in a competition .
Three dogs in colored sweaters run across grass , with ladder and hand in background .
Three dogs racing on a grass track wearing different colored jerseys .
Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts .
Three dogs wearing colored outfits running .
A small child running on the beach.
A young boy in swim trunks runs along a sandy beach .
A young boy runs through the water on a beach near trees .
A young child is running through a large puddle at a beach surrounded by trees .
Young boy walking along the beach .
A man asleep in a chair in front of a full bookshelf.
An older , balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves .
An old man dozes off near a bookshelf .
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf .
This bald man , who appears to be asleep , is sitting at a table at a library .
A girl is playing a red flute while another girl holds a pink guitar .
A little girl is playing a red recorder flute while another girl is playing a pink guitar .
One girl is playing a recorder and another girl is playing the guitar .
One girl is playing a recorder while another one holds a guitar .
Young girls are playing musical instruments .
Two girls talk and laugh together .
Two ladys laugh and smile .
Two smiling young women in brown converse .
two woman smiling standing next to each other.
Two young women are outside wearing bags .
Two bmx riders racing on a track.
Two motocross bikes are being raced around a dirt track .
Two motocross riders next to each other on a dirt track .
Two motorcyclists are on a dirt track .
Two people wearing racing uniforms are riding racing motorcycles .
A man and a woman are sitting down and eating .
A woman eating at a restaurant with other people .
A Woman sitting by a man is eating a plate of french fries .
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal .
The girl sitting next to the man wearing a white t-shirt is eating french fries .
A child in a red jacket holding up two fingers .
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street .
A little girl in a red shirt holds on to a pole near a street .
A little girl is standing by a metal pole holding her fingers up in a v sign .
A young girl holds up a peace sign .
A mama bear and its cub are growling directly at one another .
The bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open .
Two bears are growling at each other .
Two bears bare their teeth at one another .
Two brown bears touching , face to face , with mouths open .
A white dog and a brown dog playing violently .
A white dog fights with a brown dog .
A white dog is pouncing on a brown dog in a fenced in backyard .
In a fenced yard with a white house in the background , a white dog jumps in the air beside a brown dog .
The white dog is jumping up at the brown dog .
An ice hockey player in red is challenging the player in white for the puck .
The goalie has come out of the goal to steal the puck from the other team .
Two athletes playing in a hockey game .
Two hockey players trying to get the puck .
Two hockey players try to get control of the puck as the referee looks on .
A group of men in camouflage pants , break dancing on a stage at a community baseball field .
a man gives another man a piggy back ride .
Four men dance on a stage wearing yellow and orange shirts .
Three men climbing on each other wearing yellow and brown shirts .
Two men in yellow are dancing with two men in brown on a stage .
a bmx rider gets some air .
A man in a black t-shirt is jumping something on his orange bike .
A man on an orange bike .
A man on an orange bike jumps in the air with the city line behind him .
The man is performing a trick with an orange bicycle .
A brown dog in a pink shirt chews something white while a brown dog in yellow watches .
A brown dog wearing a pink shirt is followed by a brown dog wearing a yellow shirt .
A dog in a pink shirt with something white in his mouth and a dog in a yellow shirt .
The two dogs with clothing are in a flat uncut field .
Two dogs fetching an object in a field .
A long haired white dog is in an area covered with fallen brown leaves .
A white dog standing on fallen leaves .
A white dog standing on leaves on the ground .
A white furry dog is running through leaves .
A white furry dog is walking on leaves with its tongue sticking out .
A group of dancers onstage .
Four men do a dance onstage together .
Four men do a synchronized dance on an outdoor stage .
four young man performing on a stage .
Four young men dance onstage .
A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch .
A basketball player is jumping and about to dunk a ball in front of a crowd .
A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches .
A tattooed man dunks a basketball .
The tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball .
A brown dog jumping in the air.
A brown dog jumps in a wooded area .
A brown dog jumps in the air .
A dog jumping into the air .
Dog running along a dirt path .
a black dog running through a grassy field.
A black dog running towards the camera .
A black dog runs through a field .
A dog running fast with ears flying .
Black dog running in swampy grass.
An elderly person holds a white doge and kisses their cheek .
An old person is sitting in a plush chair with a huge white dog laying on top of him or her .
An old woman is holding a large white dog tightly while sitting in a large red chair in front of some electronics .
A person is hugging a big white dog and on a red recliner .
A woman huge a fluffy white dog .
A dog with big ears holds a ball in his mouth .
A small dog runs with a brown ball in its mouth .
A white and black dog carrying a ball on the beach .
A white dog is running with a brown ball in its mouth .
A white dog with brown ears runs down a gravel path with a ball in its mouth .
A child in a green sweatshirt is collecting colored eggs.
A small child is holding a basket of brightly colored Easter eggs and is picking up a pink one from the grass .
A young boy carrying a basket collects Easter eggs in the grass .
A young child is picking up Easter eggs in the grass .
The child is carrying a basket of colored eggs and bending over with an egg in his hand .
A man has his hand on his head while a speaker is speaking .
A man in a suit touches his head while another speaks at a microphone .
A man is scratching his head at a meeting while a person spoke .
A man wearing a suit scratches the back of his head at a meeting .
a picture taken from the back of osme kind of large meetinghall .
Two black dogs in the snow.
Two black dogs on a snow covered ground , the ground appears blue in the background , one dog is jumping with feet off the ground .
Two black dogs playing in the snow .
Two black dogs play in snow .
Two dogs run through the snow .
A long haired skateboarder is airborne above a set of cements steps and a metal Bannister .
A man jumping a rail on his skateboard .
A person riding a skateboard jumps high above the concrete steps .
A skateboarder props up on a pole just before descending .
The skateboarder tries to do a trick down the railing .
a crowd of people are at the top of steps in front of a white building .
A crowd of people dressed for warm weather stand in line in front of a building waiting for something .
A group of people standing outside of a building .
A large group of people have formed a line outside .
A wide line of people .
A group of cyclers race around a track .
A group of people in colored outfits ride bikes around a track .
Bicyclists stay in a line as each wear different color suits .
Multiple bicyclists wearing different colored shirts and helmets riding around a track .
Ten cyclists in different colors are racing around a bend in the track .
A brown dog is doing amazing stunts in the dog show .
A brown dog leaps over a red ramp at an agility park .
A golden haired dog is running over a red ramp with onlookers nearby .
Dog climbing up and over and red wooden ramp .
The brown dog jumped the red obstacle .
A man in uniform presents paperwork to another for his signature .
A man wearing a tan coat signs papers for another man wearing a blue coat .
Two men are holding papers , while one of them writes something .
Two men getting a document signed.
Two men with heads down signing a paper .
A big dog running through the water.
A brown and white dog runs through the water with trees and branches around .
A dog runs through shallow water .
A tan and white dog runs through water .
There is a beige and white dog running through water .
a dirt bike rider holds up his finger .
A man wearing a sponsor covered motorcycling suit sits on a motorbike raising his hand .
A motorcycle racer is gesturing at somebody .
A race car driver stands up with his hand pointing in the air .
The person in the blue jacket has a colorful helmet on .
A boy runs down a concrete hill .
A little boy in a black shirt and blue jeans walking down a path .
little boy enjoying a day at the park.
Little boy runs downhill at camera , gazebo in background .
The young child in the black shirt and jeans ran down the path .
A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
Two women are walking casually down the street together .
A dog laying on the ground looks up at the dog standing over him .
Black dog is submissive on ground to brown dog .
Three black dogs .
Two dogs , one lying down , play in a yard .
Two dogs play with one another outside .
A child going down a green slide .
A child slides down a green slide .
Camera looks down inside green tube as child slides away .
Child slides down green plastic tubular slide .
The child is sliding down a green tunnel slide .
A guy with glasses and a beard in a suit is surrounded by photographers .
A man in a sports jacket with longish brown hair and glasses is getting the attention of several photographers .
A man in a suit is surrounded by photographers .
A man in glasses speaks as men holding cameras look at him .
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses .
Two boys are touching the glass of an aquarium with a seal inside .
Two boys watch a seal in an aquarium .
Two children reaching out toward a swimming seal .
Two children touch the glass of a large tank containing a seal .
Two young boys touching glass where they can see a seal swimming by .
Two fencers are in a bout in a white gym .
Two fencers practice together ; one jumps as the other crouches .
Two people are fencing .
Two suited fencers pointing their swords at each other .
Two sword fighters training .
A person in a white , black and red coat is skiing down a slope .
A person skis in the snow , snow flies behind .
A woman skiing down a snowy hill .
solitary skier nears base of a downhill slope.
This woman is skiing down a snowy hill .
A male hiker is standing on top of a very large rock and is taking pictures .
A man on a rocky peak .
A man partially silhouetted on top of a large rock .
A man with a hat is standing on a high rock with a cloud-covered sky in the background .
A person standing a rocky ridge .
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera .
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture .
Five men in uniform stand together near a building .
Four policemen or security officers are posing for a photo while two of them embrace .
Of these five men in police or security uniforms , two are hugging .
A bee hovering over white flowers .
A black-blue insect flying over a white flower .
A black insect approaches a flower .
A blue insect is flying near the bloom of a flowering plant .
The bee hovers above the flower .
A girl in a floral shirt and jeans stands on a rocky shore looking toward the water.
A litle girl stands on a rocky shore at looks out at the water .
A little girl in jeans is standing by the seashore .
A young girl stands on a rocky beach looking at the water .
A young girl stands on some rocks staring at the ocean .
A dog leaps over a barrier .
A dog leaps over a fence .
A dog leaps over a wooden fence as another is about to .
There are two dogs ; one leaps over the fence and the other tries to .
Two brown and black dogs are jumping a fence .
A man with his dog sitting against a white building in the grass .
A person siting against a wall with a dog .
A person sits with their back against a white wall with a tan dog .
Dog and owner sitting on lawn .
Person sitting and leaning back against white house while dog sits in front of him.
A man is jumping in the air on his skateboard .
A man leans sideways on a soap box racer in the middle of a jump .
A man on a small 4 wheeled vehicle is flying through the air .
A man performs a trick on his mini-race car , with one leg flying out in the sky .
The boy is in the air with a machine with wheels .
An elderly woman is reading a paper in an office .
An older woman is drinking tea and reading a newspaper .
A woman drinking from a mug and reading the paper .
A woman reads a tabloid while drinking coffee .
A woman read the paper and drinks from a coffee cup in front of an art gallery poster .
a man in a purple shirt is looking at a man in a black shirt who is pulling a funny face .
A man in a purple shirt looking at a man in a black shirt making a silly face .
a man watching another man do a kissing pose.
Man making kissing face for the camera , while another man looks on .
Two men sit together and one looks at the other while he makes a funny face .
A girl in a pink snowsuit splashes into dirty flood water next to a picnic table .
A little girl dressed in pink is falling in water while another girl dressed in red watches .
a young child in a pink snow outfit falling into a puddle .
Two children play in the melting slush .
Two kids are dressed up and playing in the water .
A person is standing on a brick ledge taking a picture of something in the distance .
A woman takes a photograph .
A woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .
The woman is holding a camera and standing on a brick wall .
Woman standing on a brick wall and taking a picture.
An empty chairlift and a chairlift occupied by two people are moving .
Skiers riding a ski carousel.
Two people are in a sky carriage .
Two people are riding a ski lift with mountains behind them .
Two people on a ski-lift .
A group of people stand on a stage and hold colorful buckets .
Peolple wearing Hawaiian shirts hold buckets by the water .
People stand on the edge of a waterway striped with red and white where a large wall looms in the background .
Several people stand with water pails .
Six children stand with buckets at a racing dock .
The two men look at the shoreline from atop the bluff .
two men look over cliff near the beach .
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach .
Two people at the top of a beach side cliff .
Two people stand on a cliff overlooking the ocean .
a beige dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in his mouth.
A blond dog with long hair carying a tennis ball .
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth.
Light colored dog running with a ball in its mouth .
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth .
A skateboarder does a trick in midair .
A skateboarder in the air in front of wires .
a skateboarder jumps into the air .
Skateboarder in jeans and t-shirt performing jump .
The skateboarder is leaping in the air in front of the telegraph pole .
A group of people cross the street with buckets and poles .
A group of seven Asian girls and boys are waiting to cross a street .
A group of teenagers wait to cross the street .
A group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate .
Group of young adults with buckets and soaking wet on street .
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket .
A little girl in a red dress and cape holds a large tennis racquet .
A little girl in a red flowered dress with a tennis racket .
A young girl , in an orange dress , holding a tennis racket .
The little girl in the red flowered dress and pink cape is holding a racket .
A man is snowboarding down a skislope .
A man snowboards down a snow-covered hill .
A person in grey snowboarding down a hill .
Snowboarding youth going downhill.
The man is snowboarding down a slope with gear and a hat.
A woman wearing black , a woman wearing white and a man wearing a grey suit sit on a green bench in front of Dupar 's restaurant .
Three people are sitting on a bus stop bench in between two tropical palm trees .
Three people on a bench in front of a restaurant .
Three people sit on a bench under palm trees .
Three people sitting on a bus stop bench .
A boy has climbed to the top of a slide .
A child at the top of a slide .
A child climbs to the top of a slide .
A child smiles happily as he holds onto a metal bar .
A small boy wearing glasses and a hat is looking at something and smiling .
A group of kids are writing with a black marker on one of their friend 's back .
A group of young men laugh as they write on a friend 's back with a marker .
Boys at a party drawing on their friend 's back with a black marker .
Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers .
People are writing and drawing on the back of another person with a marker .
Children sit in a classroom holding slates .
Five of the six children have their own chalkboard .
Six African children sitting at two tables .
Six children are sitting in two rows with plastic bags on the desk in front of them .
Three children sitting at desks .
A girl dances on a sidewalk .
A girl in a polka dotted top and pink pants plays outside .
A girl wearing pink dances on the sidewalk .
The girl has pink pants and a polka dot jacket on .
Watching a child from behind as their long hair flies out .
a brown dog is walking down some steps under tree .
A brown dog is walking down steps .
A dog is walking down steps .
Brown dog with white marking on forehead coming down cement steps .
The dog comes down the steps .
A black and white dog catching a baseball in midair .
A black and white dog is playing with a white ball .
A black dog looks up at a white ball that 's in midair .
A dog is up on its backlegs trying OT catch a ball above its head .
A dog plays catch with a white ball near a wooden fence .
A girl in a pink dress carries a younger girl .
A girl in a pink skirt runs holding a her sister .
A little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk .
A little girl is holding a younger little girl and running with her .
Two young girls embrace on the sidewalk .
A man rides a ski lift up a mountain .
The man and woman ride the ski lift up the snowy mountain .
two men sit on a chairlift .
Two people ride up the mountain on a ski life .
two people wearing skis on chairlift.
A dog running out of the water onto the beach .
A dog runs on the beach near a city .
A white dog is running on a beach towards a domed building .
A white dog plays on the beach near a large city .
The white dog by the water .
A pregnant protester holding up a pro-America sign .
A protesting woman is holding a poster .
A woman in a black and white dress is holding up a protest sign .
A woman wearing a black and white dress is holding a large sign .
Woman in sleeveless black and white print top holding up a sign .
A man holding a political sign .
A man in jeans & a cowboy hat holds up a sign .
a man wearing a cowboy hat holding a protest sign .
A man with a cowboy hat and an anti-tax sign .
A protester in a cowboy gear holds up a sign that says , " Dont tax me bro! ".
A few horses race each other on the track .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track at night .
Race dog # 2 is ahead of a few other dogs .
Several greyhounds with numbered shirts racing around a track .
The dogs in numbered uniforms are running .
A cyclist is riding past buildings with backpack and cycling gear .
A cyclist rides his black bicycle while wearing a yellow jacket and white helmet .
A cyclist with a helmet , backpack , and yellow jacket .
A man wearing a backpack and helmet riding a bicycle .
a man with a backpack wearing a yellow raincoat is riding a bicycle past red brick and stone wall .
A brown dog jumping over a obstacle .
A dark brown dog wearing a yellow harness is jumping over a hurdle in an agility competition .
A dark dog is competing in a dog show competition .
Brown dog with yellow harness jumping over white obstacle.
Dog jumping a hurdle in a sporting event .
A dirt bike flies upside down as the rider tumbles toward the dirt .
A man has wrecked his racing bike in the dirt with five spectators behind a rope .
A person falling off a dirt bike in the middle of a dirt bike race .
Bike racer number 661 wrecks on dirt racetrack .
The biker falls while the boys watch .
A boy helps to push a young girl on the swing .
A boy pulls back a swing with a little girl on it.
A boy pushes a girl on a swing .
A child pushes another child on a swing .
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside .
A black dog is moving through a snowy field with an object in their mouth .
A black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth .
A black dog with a stuffed animal in its mouth is running and jumping through a snowy field .
A brown dog holding an object in its mouth is moving through snow-covered tall grass outdoors .
A dog carreis an object through the snowy grass .
A guy on a snowboard .
A man in blue coat , snowboarding down a mountain , in midair jump .
A person in blue on a snowboard during a jump .
A snowboarder riding downhill.
Man snowboarding down a mountain .
A dirt bike rider is midair while on a trail .
A helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road .
A man does a bike trick on a dirt path .
Man performing a trick on a bicycle outside .
The man jumped in the air with his motorcycle .
two children are playing on a swing made out of a tire .
Two children swing around in a tire swing at a park .
Two children swinging on a tire swing .
two small children happily playing on a tire swing .
Two small children wearing blue jeans enjoy swinging in a tire swing .
A guy is grinding a rail over a tree on his snowboard .
A man snowboarding making a jump off a steel guardrail .
A snowboarder grinding up a homemade ramp .
a snowboarder is riding his board on ramp made from a piece of metal and a log .
The man is skateboarding over a log in the snow .
A male rides a skateboard in the road .
A man wearing black shorts in skateboarding in the street .
A man wearing no shirt skateboarding on the street.
A man with no shirt speed skateboards downhill .
Shirtless man skateboards down a sunny roadside.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform .
A motorcyclist rides .
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a racetrack .
Number 97 races his motorcycle while wearing his black and red outfit .
Person on a red , white , and black racing motorcycle .
A girl throws a Frisbee .
A little girl in a red tracksuit is throwing a Frisbee.
A little girl tries to throw a Frisbee .
A small child in red throws a disc .
A toddler prepares to throw a Frisbee .
Two dogs play together while their owners watch .
Two guys have dogs on leashes and one of the dogs is jumping .
Two men , one in grey and one in orange , and two dogs in front of several vehicles .
Two skinny white dogs with two standing men in baseball caps.
Two white dogs are being held on leashes by two men in front of some cars .
A large , white bird skates across the top of some water .
A white bird with a long neck flying low over the water.
The large white bird grazes the water .
White bird in water preparing to fly .
White bird starting to take flight from a lake .
A man with a helmet rides his bike on a bumpy path .
A mountain biker rides across a rocky terrain .
A person in a red jacket riding a mountain bike .
A person on a bike is riding through a rocky trail in the woods .
Man in safety gear riding a bike on a rocky trail .
A black dog leaping off the sand .
A black dog running on the beach near the shore .
A black dog runs on the beach .
A black dog wearing a collar running across the beach .
A dog leaps on the sandy beach .
A baby clutching a stuffed animal is smiling .
A little girl in a fleecy jacket holds a stuffed animal and smiles .
A little girl in a white jacket holding a piglet toy .
A little girl is wearing a winter coat and holding a stuffed animal in one hand .
A young girl holding a stuffed pig smiles .
Two girls playing at a playground .
Two girls playing on parallel bars at the playground .
Two girls play on a set of parallel bars .
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars .
Two young girls play on a set of parallel bars in a playground .
A choir in red uniforms singing in front of a business .
A group of women all dressed in red with yellow flower pins .
A group of women wearing red all rally together .
Five women in red shirts clapping .
Women wearing red and black are clapping .
A black dog jumps at a ball held by a man wearing blue jeans , a blue striped shirt , and a dark blue jacket .
A man and a dog play with a yellow ball .
A man blays with a black dog and a yellow ball .
man playing with a dog with a yellow ball.
The black dog is jumping up at the yellow ball being held by the man .
a brown dog running along the dirt shore of a stream.
A small dog running on a beach .
A small furry brown dog is running on the shore of the ocean .
A woman sitting on the sand at the beach , with a furry animal in the foreground walking towards her .
Dog running away from woman on the seashore .
A brown dog jumping over an obstacle hurdle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle .
A large tri-colored dog clears a green , yellow and white jump set up in the grass .
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field .
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
A black and white dog in midair over a hurdle .
A black and white dog is jumping over a fence in an obstacle course .
A black and white dog jumps a red and white hurdle on a lawn with other dogs and people .
A dog jumps over a red and white gate .
The dog jumps over an obstacle .
A man is riding an ATV over a hill.
A person flies through the air while riding an off-road vehicle on a dirt road .
A person riding a four wheel ATV over a jump .
a quad launches from a dirt jump .
Person on four wheeler does a midair stunt .
A barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .
A little girl climbs up a rock climbing jungle gym at a park .
A young child climbing a rock wall at a playground .
Girl climbing on a climbing wall.
The little girl is climbing a wall in the park barefoot .
A skateboarder in midair while doing a jump .
A skateboarder is airborne between a white building and an American flag .
a young skateboarder jumping a trick in the air .
Man jumping with a skateboard in a parking lot .
The skateboarder is jumping in the air .
A brown and white dog is walking on a woodland path .
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods .
A shaggy dog walks on a dirt road in a forest in winter .
Brown and white dog is trotting across dirt with trees in the background .
There is a brown and white dog running over dirt .
A man in green and black gets muddy on a dirt bike .
A motocross racer in green and a helmet racing in the dirt .
A person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle .
man in green uniform riding dirt bike.
This man is wearing green and black equipment to ride his dirt bike .
A laughing woman holding a little girl .
An older woman and a young child are all smiles in a photo together .
A smiling woman embracing a young girl in a jacket with an apple print .
A woman holding a girl , who wears an apple themed coat .
A woman with a pink sweater is smiling as she holds a child .
A woman from CBS talking to a man in a white shirt .
A woman holding a microphone speaks to a man wearing a white shirt .
a woman interviews a man .
A woman with a mic interviews the soccer player .
A woman with a microphone from CBS is asking a man a question .
A bearded collie jumps over bars at an agility test course .
A black and white dog jumps over a pole .
A black and white shaggy dog is jumping over a red and white hurdle .
A furry black and white dog jumps over a bar during an agility test .
The black and white furry dog jumps over a low pole in a grassy area .
A little girl is sitting on the shoulder of a man wearing a black cap .
A man in a black hat holds a small girl on his shoulders .
The little girl is riding on the man 's shoulders .
The man carries a small girl on his shoulders .
The man is carrying a young girl with pigtails on his shoulders .
A boy emerging from a green slide.
A young boy is sitting in a green tunnel.
Little boy in green tube smilling with his hair sticking up he has on a black and blue striped shirt and tennis shoes .
Little boy sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face .
Small boy in striped shirt sliding out of green tube.
A little girl swings while her hair flies in the wind .
A little girl with red hair and a teal tracksuit on a swing .
A redheaded girl with a turquoise jacket is swinging .
A young girl wearing a blue sweatshirt smiles as her hair is up in the air .
The young girl is swinging on a swing , and her hair is flying out behind her .
A downhill skier in black pants and jacket .
A guy skiing down the snowy slope .
A man in blue skiing downhill .
A man skiing down a snowy hill .
A older man skiing down a mountain on a clear day.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite .
A young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background .
A young girl is flying a kite in a field beside a lot of buildings .
The child is running through the grassy field .
Young girl in red top and striped pants running with a kite .
A man bowls with a red ball .
A man bowls with a red bowling ball .
A man is getting ready to throw a bowling ball in a bowling alley .
a young man about to throw a red bowling ball down the lane.
Man bowling in a dimly lit bowling alley .
a boy is creating large splashes whilst swimming in the ocean .
A boy with black hair and dark skin is swimming in murky water .
A child splashes in a lake .
A little boy jumped into the water and made a big splash .
A young boy falling into a body of water .
a lone man sitting on a ledge that overlooks the beach.
A man sits on a hill overlooking the ocean .
A man sits on the gravel by an ocean .
A young man sits on a cliff , watching the ocean .
Seated man looks out at the ocean .
A crowd watching a dirt bike race.
A group of people on the sidelines of an ATV race .
A line of people staring at the vehicles on the dirt track.
A line of spectators at a race .
People standing at fence watching motor vehicles in field.
A couple of people are riding ATV 's on a dirt track .
At the track , the man with the yellow 4-wheeler and black helmet , is going around the dirt road .
ATV racers coming around a corner .
People on ATV vehicles are competing against each other .
People racing on ATV 's in full protective garb.
a boy under an umbrella is held by his father who is wearing a blue coat.
A man carries a baby in a big city .
A man carries a baby on his shoulder in the rain in a big asian city .
Child experiences new world.
The baby sees something that excites him as he is being carried through the city by Dad .
A person climbing a stone embankment .
A person in the distance rock climbs in the woods .
A rock climber is descending off a large rock.
The person is climbing a large rock in a wooded area .
This person is climbing a rocky area outdoors .
A biker with a blue jacket , black pants , and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch .
A person on a bmx bike .
Person in blue jacket on a bike on a dirt course with people looking from behind a red and white barrier .
The biker in blue is going around a corner .
The motocross rider wearing blue and black pants .
Two furry light brown dogs lying on a hardwood floor .
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home .
Two white dogs are laying in the doorway of a wooden floored apartment .
Two white dogs playing in the house near a computer monitor .
Two white , long haired dog are in a hallway on a wooden floor .
a bald man is doing the splits on the dancefloor.
A man in a shirt and tie does the splits on a wood floor.
An older man does the splits on a hardwood floor .
Older man in a nice outfit and tie does the splits on a wood floor .
The formally-dressed man smiles upwards as he does a split .
a boy is kneeling under a statue of bear that has a painting of a man on its back .
A boy sits under a bear with Einstein 's picture on it .
A picture of Albert Einstein on a white bear statue , with a little boy standing under the bear statue 's face .
A portrait of Einstein is painted on statue of a polar bear .
Painting of Albert Einstein on a bear with child reaching up .
A woman and two elderly men are standing in front of a speaker .
A woman and two men wearing black jackets .
A woman and two men wearing hats and glassess are standing under a avrovulcancom sign .
A woman and two older gentlemen who are both wearing hats .
Three older people stand in front of an avrovulcancom sign .
A girl is being splashed by water in a pool .
A girl wearing blue water googles is being splashed in the face with water by a fellow swimmer .
A woman swimmer in a pool gets splashed by her teammate swimming past .
The woman is in a pool and being splashed.
Two people are in a swimming pool with water splashing around .
A man in orange pants and a ponytail is free climbing a rock face .
A man is rock climbing without gear .
A man wearing orange pants climbs a rock .
a rock climber with it shirt off.
Sweating , shirtless man climbing up rock face .
Three children are playing on a swing in the garden .
Three children on a swing set .
Three children playing on a swing-set in a grassy yard .
Three children play on a swing set .
Three little kids on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .
A climber is climbing under an overhang high above the ground .
A person hanging off of a cliff .
A person is rock climbing underneath of a rock overhang .
A rock climber clings to a steep overhanging rock high above a mesa .
Scenic view with person dangling precariously from a rock formation.
A bicyclist is jumping on ramp covered with graffiti .
A man is jumping his bicycle off of a ramp .
A skateboarder jumping on a graffiti covered ramp .
A young boy jumps his bicycle on a tagged bike ramp .
Young man on a trick bicycle jumps at the top of a graffiti covered ramp .
A boy flips out of the pink intertube while a boy in the green tube watches .
A boy has done a back flip into a swimming pool while another boy watches .
Two boys fooling around in pool with inflatable lifesavers.
Two boys in a pool with two tube rafts .
Two guys are in a pool and one is falling of his innertube .
A dog is walking on the sand and people are all over the beach .
A dog walks across the sand next to a river in front of rolling hills .
A long-distance shot of a beach with people and animals .
People and dog at beach surrounded by mountains .
some people and dog are enjoying the beach of a bay surrounded by green hills .
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek .
A black and white dog is splashing around in the water .
A black and white dog is splashing in a stream .
A dog playing in some water .
A white dog is splashing in an outdoor stream next to a grassy bank .
A little girl and woman wearing a yellow shirt get splashed by a city fountain .
A mother and daughter at a fountain.
A woman watches a girl play in an urban fountain .
A young girl plays on the edge of a fountain while an older woman watches .
a young girl standing in front of a fountain with a woman to her side.
A group of 5 people standing wearing name badges.
A group of people posing in a concert area .
five people are standing in front of an industrial style building posing for a photograph .
Five people pose for a picture in a gym .
Five people wear name tags on a necklace and pose together .
A man in a grey shirt is standing in a crowded street at night .
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object .
A man with glasses and a grey shirt is on a crowded street .
Man wearing pass on a lanyard and standing in a crowd of people .
One man with his eyes closed standing in a crowd .
A bicyclist is riding down a leaf strewn trail .
A bike rider with a yellow helmet and red jacket corners a trail in a leafy wooded area .
A cyclist in a yellow helmet is biking through the woods in fall .
A man in a yellow helmet riding his bike on a trail through the woods .
A man on a bike is riding on a trail through the woods in the fall .
Dogs on grass .
Three dogs are running on the grass .
Three dogs , one white and two brown , are running together on a field of grass .
Three dogs run along a grassy yard .
Three dogs run together in the grass .
A buy is grinding a rail on a snowboard .
A person is jumping a ramp on a snowboard .
A snowboarder goes down a ramp .
A snowboarder going over a ramp .
A snowboarder performs a jump on the clean , white snow .
A barber is cutting a man 's hair .
a beautiful arrangement of flowers with a man cutting hair in the background.
a vase of red roses with a man cutting hair in the background .
Barber giving a haircut .
Two men , one in white and another in blue .
A girl with a white backpack is standing and smaller children are sitting in a row on the ground .
A lady stands on the street , surrounded by school children .
a woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house .
Group of children and some adults gathered outside stone buildings .
Many children and some parents are waiting near a decorated castle .
A crowded city street .
A crowd is gathering in a town square .
A crowd of people looking at something .
a group of tourists are gathered together in front of the restroom in a busy city square .
Crowd at an outdoor event.
A group of dogs runs beside a pond through a field .
several multicolored dogs running through the grass .
Three black dogs , two with tan markings , are running along grass .
Three dogs running through a field .
Three dogs run on scrubby grass , a lake and picnic table nearby .
a man on a harness in the middle of climbing through a cave .
A person hanging off of a cliff on a rope .
A person rappels off a cliff face .
A rock climber hangs from a cliff in the mountains .
A rock climber repels down a cliff face above a heavily wooded area nearby mountains .
A child being held by an adult smiles at the camera .
A child in a blue jacket smiling .
A small child is smiling at the camera while being held by a smiling adult .
A woman holds a child dressed in blue .
A woman is holding a smiling child wearing a blue sweatshirt .
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp .
A boy rides his bike on a half-pipe .
A cyclist gets airborne on a ramp .
A man on a bike jumping on a bike ramp .
A teenage boy on a bicycle does tricks .
A man in camo pants and a blue and white shirt running on a concrete surface with other men dressed the same running behind him .
A man races another man in the background.
Men in camouflage pants racing across a parking lot .
Men in uniform run along a track .
Several people are running quickly through a parking lot .
A girl in a pink shirt jumps and stars at a swan in the park .
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan .
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan .
A young girl with red hair is playing on a sidewalk with a swan .
a young red haired girl jumping on the sidewalk next to a white duck .
A brown dog is in an agility contest and running towards a blue tube .
A dog is running during a competition .
A dog runs toward a tunnel .
A golden retriever is competing in a dog competition .
The brown dog is running towards a blue and yellow tube .
A guy with a black shirt is jumping over a chain on a skateboard .
A man jumps onto a skateboard that is sitting on a folding chair .
A man jumps over a brown chair while skateboarding .
The man in the black hat is jumping over a chair with his skateboard .
The man jumps off the chair .
A driver is sitting in a Team Penske race car .
A race car driver with an orange helmet sits in a team Penske Indy car at the raceway .
A race car sits in the pits .
Race car driver getting ready for the start of the race .
Racing car marked TEAM PENSKE on track , banners and spectators in background .
A shirtless man and a woman wearing at a park , wearing face paint and laughing .
People wearing body paint outside .
The man with his shirt off has paint under his eyes .
The people have paint on them .
Two friends in a park with face paint on their faces .
A blonde woman wearing a white top and black bottoms pushes a black stroller while a brunette male wearing a gray t-shirt and white shorts walks a brown dog .
A couple walking a dog and a child in a stroller in front of a store .
A man in shorts walks a big brown dog and a woman pushing a baby carriage walks right behind him .
A man walks a brown dog while a woman pushes a stroller .
A woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog .
Two children are sliding down a water slide .
Two children at the bottom of a purple water slide .
Two children in a raft on a water slide .
Two kids go down a purple water slide on a innertube .
Two little girls ride an inflatable dinghy down a purple water slide .
A boy holding a racket is standing in the grass .
A boy in a purple shirt and blue jeans is standing in the grass holding a round toy with a handle .
A boy playes with a stringless racket in his backyard .
a boy walks through the lawn .
A child in purple clothing is playing with a toy inside a yard with other toys and a fence .
There are 2 men dressed in stripes sitting under a green umbrella .
Two gondola operators sit along a road in Italy .
Two gondola drivers rest in the shade of a table umbrella .
Two gondoliers sitting in Venice.
Two men are sitting in chairs in front of a building while a group of people climb a set of steps .
A brown dog running on the beach near the ocean .
A dog running on the beach.
A wet dog in golden tones runs on the sand near the ocean .
A wet tan dog running across a beach .
A wet yellow dog runs along the shoreline .
A dog fetching a stick .
a little white and tan dog running through the grass with a stick in his mouth .
A little white dog runs on freshly mown grass , holding a small stick .
The small dog returns with his stick proudly .
The small fluffy white dog runs through the green grass with a tiny stick in its mouth .
A female volleyball player wearing a bikini jumps and spikes the ball .
a skinny woman spikes a volleyball over the net .
A woman is playing volleyball .
A woman playing volleyball at the beach .
A woman plays volleyball .
A dog with a muzzle is leading several other dogs in a race.
A greyhound leaps in a race .
A muzzled dog in a race , with four dogs following .
Five dogs are racing .
Five dogs are racing on a dirt track .
Three men , one dressed as an Islamic holy man , sit in a room with green walls doing paperwork , .
Three men sit on floor in green room .
three men sit on the carpet .
Three men sit together while one looks at a book .
Three middle eastern men are sitting on the floor by a green wall looking at some paperwork .
A grey helicopter hovering while someone drops in the ocean .
A man in a wetsuit divind out of a helicopter low over the ocean .
A man wearing flippers jumps from a helicopter into the water .
Diver jumping into ocean from helicopter .
Man jumping out of a helicopter into the ocean .
A group of boys sits near the sidewalk and two are smiling while one makes a face .
Three boys are posing for a picture , one of them making a silly face .
Three boys pose on sidewalk , one boy holding a camera .
Three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing tee shirts and smiling .
Three young boys playing outside and posing for a picture.
A brown dog chasing after something.
A brown dog is gallopsing through the grass .
A brown dog is running in the grass .
A brown dog runs fast outside on green grass .
A German sheperd breed dog is running in the opposite direction of a person .
children looking through magazines they have folded into tubes.
Four children hold rolled up magazines to their eyes .
Four children looking through rolled up booklets .
Four children look through rolled magazines like telescopes .
Four children look through rolled-up magazines .
One man in a rugby uniform is grabbing the arm of another man holding a football .
The rugby player in the black strip is trying to keep the player in red and yellow from taking the ball .
The rugby players play on a field .
Two men are playing rugby .
Two men on a playing field , one of them holding a football .
A bride is throwing her bouquet to several women standing behind her .
A bride throwing her bouquet up in the air behind her , towards a group of ladies .
A bride throws her flowers over her head to a waiting crowd .
A bride tossing her bouquet to a group of women .
A new bride dressed in white throws a bouquet to waiting females behind her .
A race car coming around a curve on a gravel course creating lots of dust.
A race car with a cloud of dust behind it.
A rally car kicks up dirt as it makes a sharp turn .
Blue race car raises cloud of smoke on road as a crowd observes .
Car racing on a dirt road.
A group of people sing and dance at a concert .
A group of people singing in front of a DJ at his station .
A group of performers dancing in front of two DJs .
A group of performers sing and work to entertain the audience .
Group of kids singing on a stage .
A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air .
A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up .
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd .
Several people in a crowd , some with their arms raised .
The girl in the red dress is raising her hand amidst a group of people .
A boy in a red shirt wearing headphones is standing in front of a roped off kitchen.
a boy wearing headphones poses in kitchen display.
A boy with a red shirt with headphones is behind velvet ropes .
A young boy listens to music through headphones in front of a kitchen .
Boy in kitchen wearing headphones .
A bullfighter skewers his prey just as he 's hit by the bull .
A fancy outfitted bullfighter and bull .
A man stabs a bull in a bullfight .
a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull.
The matador is struck by a charging bull as he stabs it with his swords .
A boy does a trick on his bike as other kids watch .
A boy on a bicycle in midair.
A male doing a trick in the air on his bike .
A man jumps his bicycle high above a cement incline .
A man on a BMX bike in midair.
A little girl in a pink hat sniffing a white flower .
a little girl smelling a flower.
A young girl is smelling the flowers .
Little girl with knit cap , smelling flowers .
The young child looked up toward the white flowers .
A boy in a baseball uniform runs the bases .
A boy is running around the bases in a baseball game .
A boy runs to a baseball base .
A child in a baseball uniform runs on a baseball field .
The young baseball player is running to one of the bases .
A black dog chasing another black dog down a grass covered hill .
One black dog and one mixed color dog run down a hill .
Two black dogs run through a field .
Two dogs race across a field on a sunny day .
Two dogs running in a field of dry grass on a clear day .
A child in white and pink is picking a white flowered tree next to a fence .
A girl in a pink hat pick a flower from a tree .
A young girl is picking blossoms from a tree .
A young girl with a white vest , pink sleeves and pink knit hat with flower is looking at the flower blossoms on a tree .
The girl dressed in pink and white , and wearing a knit cap , is reaching toward a flowering tree .
A baseball player throws the ball .
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game .
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball .
A teenage boy pitching a baseball .
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball .
A black and white dog emerges from a yellow tunnel being coached by a man in a blue shirt at a dog show .
A black and white dog is running out of a yellow tunnel with his trainer next to him .
A black and white dog running from under a yellow cover with a person behind them .
a man in a yellow and blue shirt behind a dog that is running out from under a yellow cloth .
A small dog sprints away while its owner tries to catch it .
A woman leaning over to help a child in a stroller with a man laying down on a park bench and another sitting on a bench .
a woman ties her little girls shoes in front of a bench with a man sleeping on it.
People at park sitting on benches and a woman taking care of her child in the stroller .
The woman helps her child as the men sit and lay on the bench .
This family needs a rest after their long walk so they stop at the park to feed the pigeons .
a lady hangs from a tree with blue stuff tied around her .
An acrobat entangles herself in fabric twisted in the trees above .
A woman hanging from a tree , her leg wrapped in cloth .
A woman dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree .
Woman hangs on tree limb .
A girl in a green jacket leaps in the air .
A girl in green is jumping on concrete .
A woman with long hair jumps from a stone bench to another .
a young woman jumping to a beam.
A young woman jumps from one bench to another .
A baseman and a ballplayer from the opposing team sliding onto base .
A runner slides into second base while the shortstop waits for the ball.
Men participate in a baseball game .
Three baseball players in motion ; one sliding into a base , another running in the background .
Three men playing baseball and the one wearing a red helmet is sliding to the plate .
A dog plays on the beach .
A dog running on a beach .
a large dog runs on the beach with something hanging out of its mouth .
The dog ran across the beach .
The large black dog is running on the sand near the beach .
A motorcyclist is driving in a muddy pit .
A person in yellow is riding a dirt bike on a dirt path .
A person riding a dirt bike on mud.
A person with a helmet and googles on is riding a motorcycle in the dirt .
A rider in a yellow suits drives his dirt bike through the dirt .
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass .
A brown dog running with a long stick in his mouth .
The brown dog carried the stick in the grass .
The large brown dog is running through the grass with a large stick in its mouth .
An older boy chases a laughing younger boy on the grass .
Two boys are running ; one 's smiling and being touched by the other .
Two children run and play in the grass .
Two young boys are running through a grassy area .
Two young boys run across a green yard .
A girl runs past a large model of a heart .
A young girl plays in front of a museum display about the human heart .
The girl is by the display .
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center .
The little girl enjoys playing in the indoor playground .
A bunch of guys in black play paintball .
a group of people wearing body Armour while fighting with paintball guns .
A paintball team shoots.
Some people playing paintball .
Speed ball paintball team starting the first round .
A group of men play field hockey .
A player in blue falls on his face during a field hockey match .
Field hockey players in red and blue with one player taking a fall.
Five males playing field hockey with man in white shirt on blue shorts on the ground .
The field hockey player takes a digger in a match .
There are two Boston terriers biting at each other .
Two boxers playfully snap at each other .
Two dogs are playing together with their mouths open .
Two large dogs are fighting in a dirt field .
two small dogs growling at each other in a dirtbed.
A cyclist rides down a rocky mountain .
A man in aerodynamic gear riding a professional mountain bike through a forest .
A man on a mountain bike outdoors .
a man wearing a blue helmet riding a bike in the woods .
A mountain biker rides through a bike path .
A man and woman in a crowd of people are having a verbal exchange .
A man in a blue sweater , black leather jacket and gray hat is surrounded by people .
A man wearing a shirt and tie , looks perplexed as he navigates through a crowd .
an old wearing a grey hat and a leather jacket surrounded by several other people .
Man wearing hat , cardigan , and tie in a crowd of people.
A black and brown dog eyeing a fly .
A black dog looking at a fly .
A dog looks at a fly above its head .
A dog 's head is tilted back , and he appears to be looking at an insect flying by .
Brown and black dog with its nose pointed upwards .
a brown dog jumping over a blue and yellow stick .
A brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle at a competition .
The brown dog is jumping a hurdle over a yellow and black pole .
A girl carries a sign that reads The Rescue while a group of people follow her .
A girl wearing a headband is carrying a pink sign on the street .
A woman with a headband walking at the lead of a crowd , holding a sign saying " the rescue " .
A young girl in a blue shirt is walking in the sidewalk and holding up a pink sign that says , " The Rescue  ".
Girl with blue shirt at a protest .
A person wearing beige snow clothes is flying in the air on a snowboard .
A snowboarder does a trick on a half pipe .
A snowboarder in the air above snow .
A snowboarder is in midair above a snow-covered ridge beneath a blue sky .
A snowboarder is in the air above a ramp of snow .
A man in a blue helmet and sunglasses bikes through wooded terrain.
A man in a blue helmet rides a mountain bike .
A man rides his bicycle through some grass in a wooded area .
A man with a blue helmet and a yellow and black jacket is riding a bike in the woods .
A mountain biker riding through the woods .
A male bicyclist wearing a blue helmet is out for a ride in the outdoors .
A man mountain biking with a blue helmet.
A man wearing a blue helmet is riding in the dirt on his bike .
A mountain biker rides down a trail .
The man in the blue helmet is on a bike .
A man in a yellow outfit racing his bike in the wilderness .
Biker with blue helmet riding along rustric trail .
The cyclist in riding downhill on a steep slope .
The helmeted man on a bicycle in riding down a rocky trail .
The mountain biker is descending the hill on a woodland trail .
A black dog is jumping over a multicolored barrier .
A black dog jumping over an obstacle .
a black dog jumping over a yellow pole in an obstacle course.
A dog is jumping over a hurdle .
Black dog jumping bar in obstacle course.
A baseball player crouching to catch the ball as a runner slides to safety .
A boy is sliding towards a base while the baseman is waiting for the ball in a baseball game .
Little league slides into plate where rival player crouches in anticipation .
Two boys play in a little league game .
Two Children playing baseball at the park .
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera .
A group of people are standing by a window watching something .
A group of people clap and take pictures of an unseen subject .
A group of people stand and wait to see something .
Crow of people taking pictures and clapping .
A man takes a picture in a crowd .
a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd .
At a concert , two men look on while another takes a photo .
The crowd is gathering for an event at Best Buy .
Two men in a crowd are turned around taking a picture together while a concert is going on in the background .
A group of men stand outside a glass and steel building .
Three men are looking at a wall very intently in a city .
Three men stand in a glass area .
Three people in a glass structure .
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure .
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall .
A child dressed in a blue shirt and cap is carrying a soccer ball .
A little boy is holding a soccer ball.
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball .
A small child wearing a hat and coat holding a large ball .
A girl in a green and pink outfit attempts to climb a wall made for kids .
A girl with a pink hat is climbing a playground wall .
A little girl climbing a rock wall .
A little girl in a hat climbing a kiddie wall .
A young girl wearing a pink hat climbs on the playground equipment .
A large and a small dog are standing beside each other in a fence .
a large black dog chases a small black dog .
A large black dog towers over a far smaller black dog .
The big black dog is behind the little black dog .
Two black dogs are standing on the grass by a wooden fence .
a boy wearing a red shirt on a skateboard jumps up some stairs.
A dancer on steps .
A guy is skateboarding .
A person wearing a purple shirt stands on a skateboard at the top of a small stairway .
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs .
A bicyclist is performing a trick on a tall tree .
A person is riding a bike on a tree .
A person riding a bike with blue wheels on a tree trunk at night .
A young person doing a bike trick on a trunk of a tree .
Person is riding a bike with blue tires up a tree .
A bunch of kids swing together in a large swing shaped like a basket .
A group of kids are playing on a tire swing .
Five children are playing on a large round swinging net .
Five children are rocking in a round swing .
The five children all sit together on the swing .
A little girl in a harness is in midair on a sunny day .
A little girl in a pink jacket and hat is swinging in a harness attached to yellow ropes .
A young child jumps in a bungee seat in front of a blue sky and tree .
Little girl in pink coat on a swing .
The little girl wearing pink is having fun bungee jumping .
A black dog lying on its back in green grass .
A black dog rolling in grass .
A dog rolling around in the grass .
Dog rolling in grass.
The black and brown dog is rolling in the grass .
A boy in a blue , playing soccer , about to kick the ball .
A soccer player is about to kick the ball near the goal .
A young soccer player chasing after the ball with another player on the right .
Children playing soccer with an adult in the background .
During a soccer game , a boy in blue attempts to kick the ball .
A child wearing a pink shirt is jumping into the air with their legs and arms spread .
A female jumps with arms and legs spread near a dwelling .
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair .
A girl jumping on pavement .
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides .
A man and young boy in waders stand in very shallow water .
Two men are fishing in a river .
Two men are fly-fishing in a low murky pond .
Two men fly fishing while standing in a river .
Two people are fishing in a pond.
Two boys wrestling in the sand while a man looks on.
Two kids wrestle as a man observes.
Two little boys brush dirt off each other as a man watches .
Two young boys wrestle in the sand while a man watches .
Two young boys wrestling while an adult male looks on .
One girl wearing pajamas stands near to a girl who is holding a flyer .
Two girls are dancing and one has paper in her hand .
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing .
Two girls in pajamas indoors .
Two teenage girls dance in pajama bottoms , one holding a paper .
A group of people dressed in formal wear pose for a picture .
A wedding photo , the bridesmaids in purple , all of the groomsmen jumping .
Bridal party posing in a park area .
The bridesmaids in purple surround the bride and groom with the groomsmen in the rear .
This wedding photo shows the wedding party , in purple and white , gathered outside .
Two dogs are running around a dog track wearing muzzles .
Two dogs race on a track .
Two greyhounds are competing in a race .
Two greyhounds race around a track .
Two muzzled greyhounds are running on a track .
A boy jumps off a short wall with his arms out .
A dark haired boy in sunglasses is jumping .
a little boy jumps off a yellow railling .
A young boy is jumping in the air in front of a concrete wall .
The boy is wearing blue sunglasses and jumping by a yellow rail .
A man chases an opposing player in a Rugby match .
A man running with a ball as his opponent tries to grab him .
A man runs with a ball in his hand while a man from an opposing team tries to grab it .
Men play in a soccer game .
One rugby player trying to catch the player with the ball .
a closeup photo of a woman with sunglasses on her head at an art show.
A smiling woman with long dark hair wearing sunglasses on top of her head .
A woman wearing glasses on her head stands in an art gallery .
A woman with sunglasses on her head and standing in front of an art display .
Woman is making a half smile at the camera .
An Asian boy and an Asian girl are running through a field of tulips .
Boy and girl running through large field of red flowers .
Two children in a field of red flowers .
two children in a field of red poppies.
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers .
Three kids laugh , a girl in the middle with a red jacket and red tie , a boy on either side .
Three smiling children sitting on a wooden bench.
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling .
Three young children in colorful clothes are sitting on a bench close together .
Two boys one in a green shirt and one in a blue shirt and a girl in a red jacket and tie on a brown bench .
A girl in a pink outfit looks through luggage in a tent city .
A group of people are sitting in front of tents while one collects belongings .
Concentration campsite .
Some people of far eastern ethnicity are sitting around white tents .
The people are sitting on the ground with white tents surrounding them .
A man is steering his ship out at sea .
A man navigating a watercraft under partly cloudy skies .
A man on a boat and has a beautiful sky above him .
A man piloting behind the wheel of a boat .
A sailor steers a sailboat through a turn .
A crowd of dark skinned people standing outside of white tents .
A group of people stand and sit on the dirt near a line of several white tents .
A group of refugees and sitting next to their tents .
People are gathered by a tree beside a line of white tents .
Some people sit , and some stand in a group of families before a background of white tents with UN markings .
A family at a military camp.
A small crowd watches military men in a tent area .
A woman holding a pitcher waits among others outside the opening of a tent .
People under a tent .
Two soldiers are going into a tent with men and women watching them .
A black and white dog is running on sand .
A black and white dog runs across the red dirt .
A black dog running across barren terrain .
A black pitbull dog is running through the dirt .
Black dog with white paws runs on barren field.
two motorcyclist racing around a track.
Two cyclists race along the edge of a roadway.
Two motorcycle racers are driving on a race course .
Two motorcycle racers ride along a racetrack .
Two motorcyclists on a track .
A group of people sitting on a sidewalk .
Girls sit on benches .
The girl is wearing silver shoes and a pink jacket .
The girls take a break in the afternoon .
Two teenage girls are texting in the park .
A man in a black wetsuit on a surfboard .
A man in black surfs on a wave .
A surfer is on a wave .
A surfer catches a good sized wave .
Man catching a large wave on a surfboard .
A group of tourists stand around as a lady puts her hand near the mouth of a statue .
A woman is making a statue pretend to kiss her hand beside four boys at a bench .
A woman posing with a statue alongside a group of boys.
A woman with a backpack leans again a statue while a group of boys sit on a bench talking .
Woman gets her hand kissed by living statue street artist .
A boy is riding a scooter down the concrete path .
A child on a scooter moving down the sidewalk .
A youth rides a scooter on a sidewalk near a building .
The boy is riding his scooter on the sidewalk .
Young boy rides his scooter on drive .
A bull is charging a man in an arena .
A guy is running away from a black bull .
A man in a bull ring is being charged down by the bull .
A man running away from a charging bull .
Man in ring bending backwards with a bull behind him .
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion .
A girl blows on a dandelion .
A young girl blowing on a dandelion puff .
A young girl is blowing on a dandelion .
A young girl is preparing to blow on a dandelion in her hand .
A family stands for a picture , holding frames to their faces .
a group of children sticking their own faces threw picture frames .
People hold cardboard frames in front of their faces .
Several children are holding up picture frames to their faces .
The people are showing their faces through frames .
A group of young women doing in matching teal outfits doing a dance .
Four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival .
four women dance for a crowd .
Girls in light blue outfits perform a choreographed dance .
Some girls dressed in blue perform a dance .
A group of girls wearing costumes stand in a park .
A group of girls who are gothically dressed standing together.
A group of people in anime cosplay costumes .
A group of three females and one male dressed in costume.
Three women are dressed in costumes while one holds an umbrella .
A crowd watches a biker on a wire .
A group of children watch a man who is riding his bicycle on suspended wires .
A group of children watching a man do a bicycle stunt .
Children watch a bicyclist perform on a tightrope .
The boys are watching a bicycle stunt .
A black dog with his pink tongue sticking out running on the beach with a white dog wearing a red collar .
A white dog is following a black dog along the beach .
Two dogs run across the barren ground .
Two dogs running on the beach .
Two terrier dogs frolic on the beach .
A man in a hardhat stands beside a ladder .
A man in an orange jacket and white hat looks off camera .
A man is wearing a hardhat and orange jacket standing in front of a red ladder .
A person in a white helmet is standing next to a ladder .
A smiling construction worker with a white helmet .
A brown dog is laying on its back on the grass with a ball in its mouth .
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass , holding a ball in its mouth .
A brown dog with a tennis ball its mouth rolling on its back on a grassy surface .
A dog lays on his back with a favorite tennis ball in his mouth .
A tan dog plays with a tennis ball while rolling around in the grass .
A hockey team in red and white on the side of the ice rink .
A hockey team takes a break off the ice .
A hockey team waits at the hockey rink .
Ice hockey players are sitting on the sidelines .
Players in red uniforms on the bench during a hockey game .
A man doing a jump on a snowboard.
A man wearing a bright orange jacket makes a jump on his snowboard .
A man wearing an orange coat is snowboarding in the air after going over a hill .
A snowboarder in orange is leaping over a snow heap .
Man on a snowboard jumping off a slope into the air .
A girl in a blue and white uniform is jumping over a hurdle .
A tall girl hurdles .
A woman in a track uniform jumping over a hurdle .
A woman jumping over a hurdle during a race .
A young blonde woman in a blue and white tracksuit jumps a hurdle .
A dog is running through an obstacle course.
A dog jumps over a jump .
A small dog jumps over a bar with its toy , awards are on the bar .
A small dog with a toy in its mouth is jumping over a pole .
Dog with toy in mouth jumps over bar decorated with prize ribbons .
A football player in possession of the ball gets tackled by a football player on the opposing team .
A football player leaps in the air while another tries to hold onto his foot .
Male football player in orange and white uniform dodges tackle of another player .
Two guys playing football .
Two men during a football game.
A girl with a black swimsuit plays in the sprinkler .
A young girl is playing in a fountain of water .
A young girl plays in fountain water .
Little girl crouches to splash fountain water .
There is a young girl in a bathing suit playing with water shooting out of the ground .
A boy is on a bicycle , and there is a girl on the back of it with an umbrella .
A couple stands outside with an umbrella and a bicycle .
A girl with an umbrella is riding on the back of a bicycle peddled by a smiling boy .
A man rides a bike with a woman holding an umbrella .
There is a boy on a bicycle ; and a girl , holding an umbrella , climbing on the back .
A child wearing black and purple playing baseball .
A girl closes her eyes as she swings the bat and misses the softball .
A girl playing softball takes a strike .
A girl playing softball , taking a swing .
A softball player swinging at a softball and missing it .
A catcher in a black uniform on the ground with his glove upraised during a baseball game , while a man UN a white uniform keeps a foot on the base .
Catcher on the ground , runner making base .
The first baseman diving to catch a throw , while the runner touches first base in a softball game.
Two teams playing a softball game.
Women are playing softball and the catcher slides onto base .
A baseball player is trying to run to a base while the baseman catches the ball .
A softball player runs towards first base while the pitcher attempts to throw her out .
The first baseman makes hte catch just in time to get the runner out in this softball game .
Three people play baseball on a field at a park .
Three young women are playing softball .
A black woman and two black men outside.
A woman and two men looking in different directions .
A woman and two young men , standing close to one another .
A woman wearing a light blue coat looks to the left while a man looks to the right .
A woman wearing sunglasses standing next to two men .
A male and female on a one seat bike ride along a tree lined road.
A man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him .
A young girl is standing on the back of a man 's bicycle while the man peddles forward .
Man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck .
One kid is towing another on his bike.
A man in the back of a van takes a picture of a yellow truck .
a man looking out the back of his car looking at a yellow van behind.
A person riding in the back of one vehicle is looking down the road towards a yellow truck .
Photographer shooting picture of yellow bus .
Two people sit in shadow in the open back of a vehicle followed by another vehicle .
A brown and white dog plays in the yard by a house .
A brown and white dog standing in a yard .
A dog chained in fronr of a house .
A dog stands on the grass while tied up .
A leashed dog is in the backyard of someone 's home .
Two black dogs are jumping towards each other .
Two black dogs collide .
Two black dogs fight in a field .
Two black dogs playing in the grass .
Two black dogs wrestle on the green grass .
A man in white and red tries to stop a man with a ball .
A rugby player attempts to break free of an opposing player with both teams closing in .
A rugby player defends the ball against a member of the other team attempting to tackle him .
A rugby player in a black and yellow uniform runs down the field while number six on the other team tries to tackle him .
A rugby player in black is pushing his way through a player in red whilst carrying the ball .
a snowboarder balancing on his hand with the snowboard in the air.
A snowboarder doing a handstand .
A snowboarder doing a one-handed armstand .
A snowboarder in a blue and white jacket does a hand plant with their snowboard in the air .
A snowboarder is doing a handstand with his board in the air on a slope .
Three children are sitting at the top of a flight of steps .
Three children are sitting on the top of a staircase .
Three children are sitting on top of a marble stair case .
Three kids sit atop the stairs .
Three small boys sit at the top of granite stairs surrounded by brick walls .
A boy with a Mohawk chasing geese in a park .
A child is playing with two white and black geese .
A child laughs as he plays with a large bird .
A young boy chases away two Canadian geese .
A young boy runs along the grass as two geese begin to fly away .
A blue race car is coming around a corner .
A blue Subaru rally car turning a corner with spectators .
A group of fans cheer the blue mountain racing car as it rounds the corner .
Blue race car raises dust cloud on road as spectators take photos .
Spectators are taking pictures of a blue rally car that is driving around a bend in the track .
A black dog and a brown dog are playing rough on green grass .
A brown dog is biting a black dog .
A German shepherd and a tan dog are fighting .
A tan dog and a black dog fighting inside a fenced yard .
Two dogs biting each other playfully while jumping.
A brown dog on the grass next to a pond .
A brown dog runs through a grassy field.
a brown dog wearing a blue collar is running on the grass .
A dog is lying in the grass with a body of water beside him .
The brown dog with a blue bandanna tied around its neck is laying in the grass by the water .
A girl dressed in green rollerskates past a festival crowd .
A woman dressed in green is rollerskating outside at an event .
A woman in green skates through a street fair .
A woman in green uniform skates down the road at the fair .
Girl wearing green rollerskates on cement .
A group of men stands near a tree as a racing car stirs up a cloud of dust on the gravel road beside them .
A race car kicks up dirt and dust on a gravel track .
Many people stand by watching a car smoke heavily .
People are watching a race car speed thorugh the dirt .
Six spectators watching a dirt racing car pass by in a cloud of dust .
A dark brown dog jumps behind a young girl in shorts .
A dog is jumping against a young girl .
A dog is jumping onto a young girl while outdoors .
A dog with white paws jumping up onto a girl wearing a blue shirt and yellow shorts .
There is a dog humping a young girl .
a lone bicyclist jumping on his bike in front of a graffitied wall .
A man doing tricks on a bike.
A man grabs the spokes of his bicycle while he jumps .
A man on a bicycle in jeans is doing an air track along a dirt track with graffiti nearby .
A man performs bike tricks by a mural .
A dolphin above water.
A dolphin is jumping out of the water .
A dolphin leaping out of the blue ocean .
A dolphin pokes above the water .
A dolphin pokes its head out of the water .
A man drinking juice on a sunny day .
A man drinking orange juice while walking .
A man drinking orange juice while walking on a sunny day .
A man drinks orange juice and walks outside .
A man in a suit is taking a sip of something while walking outdoors .
A blurred picture on a bicyclist .
A cyclist is leaning a mountain bike around a bend on a dirt track .
A man in a green shirt rides a bike in the woods .
A person riding a bike sideways through a dirt path .
There is a person in a green shirt riding a bike at an extreme angle in a rural area .
a brown and white dog jumps on the sidewalk .
A little white dog in running on the sidewalk .
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk .
Little brown and white dog running on the sidewalk .
The dog is running .
A man dressed in gray gear , including helmet , races a dirt bike on a dirt track .
A man in a black uniform and helmet dirtracing with his bike 's front wheel in midair .
A man riding a dirt bike.
A motorcycle racer is in action at the track .
Biker riding dirt bike on dirt track.
A baby boy picks at his hair , while holding a red and yellow ball .
A blonde haired toddler is holding a soft red and yellow soccer ball .
A little kid holding a yellow and red soccer toy .
A small child holds a stuffed soccer ball .
A young boy looks at a yellow and red stuffed soccer ball .
A child eating food and smiling at the camera .
A little child in a green shirt eats a crust of bread , smiling .
A small child in a green jacket eating something .
A small child looks and smiles as she eats .
A smiling little boy in a green jacket eats a snack .
A woman is wearing a dust mask on her mouth whilst walking in the street .
A woman with her hair pulled up with a surgical mask on .
A young woman wearing a mask .
A young women with a pink mask over her face .
Girl in plaid shirt wears a mask over her face as she walks in public .
A boy dribbles a soccer ball in a grass field next to a parking lot .
A boy plays ball on a grassy field .
A child in yellow and black kicks a blue and black ball .
A little boy is about to kick a black soccer ball .
A young boy is playing soccer .
A group of boys in a desert playing with a ball .
A group of young men are about to play soccer on a sandy plain .
Boys play ball in the dirt .
Some african kids playing with a ball .
The small boy looks at the camera while other boys play ball behind him .
Two automobiles race each other and pour smoke from behind .
Two drag racing cars resembling train locomotives are leaving the starting line .
Two dragsters race down the track in front of a crowd of spectators watching the drag race from the stands .
Two race cars speed along a track with smoke coming from the backs of them .
Two rocket dragsters racing at a dragsters .
One dog is standing on the beach as another dog runs into the ocean .
Two dogs on the beach , running into the water.
Two dogs play on the shore .
Two dogs run from the beach into the water .
Two wet dogs run into the surf at sunset .
A big dog stands on his hand leg as tennis balls are thrown his direction .
A brown and white dog in front of a shed overwhelmed by the onslaught of tennis balls .
A brown and white dogs stands in front of a wooden building while tennis balls fly through the air .
A dog jumps for several tennis balls thrown at him .
A dog stands on his hind legs amid a shower of tennis balls .
An Indian boy looks at a black cow whilst a woman in a blue and green sari looks away .
two East Asian women sitting outdoors behind a cow-like animal.
Two people and a leashed cow at a home .
Two women in colorful clothes sit on the ground near their cow ,.
Two women in India , sitting near an ox .
a bmx rider wearing green jumps over a dirt hole .
A man in green on a green bike is in the air after jumping off a ramp .
A mountain biker in a green shirt is suspended in the air .
A person is doing a bike trick in midair of a dirt jump .
The man is performing a trick on a bicycle high in the air .
A girl in a dark shirt has stripes painted under her eyes while another girl stands in the foreground .
A girl standing in a group wears a black shirt and pink beads .
A girl with black and orange patches on her cheeks .
Girl with black paint under her eyes walking , girl in foreground of photo .
The young girl with two red dots on her face is wearing purple beads while another girl is blurred in front of her .
A man holds a trophy on the stage .
A race car driver accepts his trophy .
a racer holds up his trophy .
The racing winner accepts his trophy .
Winning racer displaying his trophy and waving to the crowd .
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field .
A spots team hugs after a play .
A teammate helps another teammate off of the field .
Four atheletes and a man with a crowded stadium in the background .
Men are dressed in soccer uniforms .
The three dogs are running around near the shore .
Three dogs are playing together on the sandy shore of a lake .
Three dogs play by a lake .
Three dogs play near the water .
Two smaller dogs chase a larger dog around a pond .
A boy surrounded by pigeons is interacting with a person who is part of a larger crowd .
A crowd scene with pigeons in a plaza .
A family is talking in a plaza standing in the middle of a bunch of birds .
Boy in yellow shirt getting picture taken surrounded by pigeons.
Group of people in an open square with a large flock of pigeons .
Five Asian girls playing in a fountain .
five little girls are playing in a water fountain .
Five young girls wading and splashing in a shallow pool .
Little girls splash around in the little bit of water left by the sprinklers .
Time lapse photo of two children playing in a pool of water .
A dog playing with a toy .
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war .
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy .
a white dog is tugging on a black rope.
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy .
A man is riding a red racing motorcycle .
A motorcyclist dressed in red .
A person in a motocross uniform , and wearing a helmet , rides a red motorcycle .
A racer in full gear and helmet with sponsors logos is riding a red sport motorcycle .
A racing motorcycle and motorcyclist in red leaning into a turn .
A guy surfing .
A male surfer in the air , leaving the water .
An airborne man on a surfboard .
A tanned wakeboarder is leaping high in the air .
a young man on a white surfboard jumping over a huge wave.
a young man wearing a white shirt and red shorts kicking a ball.
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball .
Man in t-shirt and red shorts kicking soccer ball .
The man in the white shirt kicked the soccer ball on the rocky pavement .
The young man kicks a soccer ball on dusty ground .
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball .
Two dogs and a ball .
Two dogs playing ball together outside .
Two dogs playing with a purple ball .
Two dogs play with purple football .
A closeup of an elderly man .
A man poses outdoors .
A man with a red collar and gray beard looks at the camera .
An older man wearing a black jacket standing outside .
Bearded man in fleece jacket smiles for a picture , the background is blurry.
A man in a black wetsuit is surfing in the ocean .
A man in a wetsuit on a surfboard .
A man in a wetsuit surfing .
A man on a surfboard rides the waves .
The surfer rides a wave .
A man helping a boy ride a bike .
A man helps a boy ride a bike .
A man is helping a little boy learn how to ride a bicycle .
The man helps the boy ride a bike .
The young boy learns how to ride a bike with his dad .
A man poses for a little girl , his arms outstretched , with a large church in the background .
A man standing on one foot with a little girl in front of a cathedral .
A man stands on one leg in a playful pose near a lamppost as a young girl looks on .
The back of a little girl with braids and a man in a ' plane ' pose before her .
The man is posing in front of a small child near a light post .
A man just caught a fish and it is fiesty !.
A man making a foul face while handling a fish beside a lake .
A man scowling is sitting in front of a lake trying to catch a flopping fish .
A man sits on the grass trying to get a hole of a fish .
the man in jeans is sitting by the river with large fish .
A brown dog swimming in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A brown dog swims back to shore after retrieving a yellow tennis ball .
a brown labradoodle retrieves a tennis ball in a lake.
The brown dog is swimming .
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A boy reads a book .
A young boy reads a paperback book outside .
a young boy wearing a red shirt and reading a book.
A young child wearing an orange shirt reads a book while others walk around .
The boy wearing a red shirt is standing in the marketplace whilst reading a book .
A child is jumping on an inflatable bouncer .
A child plays in a bounce house .
A child wearing a pink coat jumps over a plastic blow-up toy .
A girl bounces .
A girl bounces in a bounce house .
A man rides a surfboard as a wave comes up behind him .
A man surfing with a mountain in the background .
A surfer is riding a wave in the ocean on a clear day.
The surfer in the black body suit rides a wave off the coast.
The surfer is riding a wave with a mountain in the background .
A woman in red shorts is writing on a tablet .
A woman wearing a white shirt and red pants is writing something down at a museum .
A woman writing while standing by men .
The lady is taking notes .
The lady is wearing a white shirt with red pants and writing on a note pad .
A group of basketball players stand on the basketball court .
A group of men play basketball .
Boys play basketball on a wood floor near clear glass doors .
Several men around an indoor basketball hoop .
Young boys playing indoor basketball , one team has black and white uniforms , the other has orange and white .
A man in a black jersey is standing in gym .
A man is standing in the middle of a gym wearing a jersey .
A man wearing black is standing on an indoor sports court .
A person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .
Man in sleeveless shirt and shorts standing in the middle of the floor .
A basketball player attempts a layup in a gymnasium .
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court .
A man jumps inside a darkened gymnasium .
Five people in a gym .
The person is in the air and trying to get a ball into the hoop .
A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball .
A group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball .
A line of basketball players doing a drill .
Asian boys on basketball court .
some young men playing basketball.
A girl in pink and purple is climbing a ladder .
A girl poses on a rusty fire escape ladder in hot pink gloves , skirt and heels .
A model on a ladder in front of a rustic building .
Girl in colorful clothes and makeup poses on a building 's rusty ladder .
The woman is posing in high heels on a rusty ladder .
A pair of young women with an easel give a lecture to a young audience .
Two girls are using a flip chart whilst talking to some younger children .
Two girls doing a presentation.
Two young woman perform near handwritten notice as little girls watch .
Two young women with a large piece of paper .
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform .
A man standing on a platform high up in a tree .
A person standing on a platform attached to a tree .
A woman on a tree canopy walk.
A woman stands on a circular ledge surrounding a tall tree .
Two children are putting their faces into a knight and royal woman 's picture .
Two children at a medieval picture with face cutouts .
Two children putting heads through novelty photo board .
Two children stick their head in holes of cardboard scenery .
Two young kids putting their heads in the bodies of a king and queen.
A dog is fetching a stick from a lake .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth.
Dog carries stick in mouth while in water .
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth.
A boy grinds down the handrail of a stairway with his skateboard .
a lone skateboarder skating down a rail near some stairs .
A skateboarder slides down a handrail .
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail .
A young person doing a skateboard trick on a cement raling over cement stairs .
A group of men are playing ball together .
A group of men play rugby .
A rugby match in progress is shown with the referee watching .
Seven men are in action playing rugby .
While the green team gets ready to tackle , the red team has the ball .
A boy begins to ride a bike as a man holds the back of it .
A boy riding a bicycle while a man holds onto the bike .
A boy teaches a smaller boy wearing a helmet how to ride a bike .
A young man running alongside a young boy on a red bicycle .
Boy riding bike while older boy runs alongside .
an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch .
Two bulls pulling a muddy man behind them while mud droplets spray .
Two oxen are pulling a person through splashing dirt and mud .
Two oxen pulling a man through the muddy water .
Two oxen running through the lake leave man behind them covered in mud .
A person on what appears to be a surfboard , rides the waves onto shore .
A surfer in the distance is at the base of the wave close to the shore .
A surfer is caught in an incoming wave along a dirty beach nearby mountains .
A surfer rides a wave as it crashes on the beach .
A surfer takes on a high wave beyond a rocky beach .
A football player in blue grabs a football player in white for a tackle .
A football player is being tackled by the rival team .
A football player is tackling the player with the football as the crowd watches .
Football players on a feild the one on the left in a blue uniform the one on the right in a white one with the fans in the back .
Two football player from the opposite team are holding back the one with the ball .
A dark skinned man plays a blue guitar on the street .
A man playing his guitar on the street , surrounded by buildings and street lights .
A man plays a blue guitar on the an empty urban street .
a man walking the streets while playing the guitar .
The man plays his guitar on the local streets .
A black dog is playing with a blue doll on a white carpet .
A black dog playing with a purple toy .
A cat watching a dog with a toy .
A dog plays with a stuffed animal .
The dog plays with a purple toy near a cat .
A group of rollerbladers is lined up on the street .
A group of rollerblading on a sloping road .
A line of rollerbladers crouch down aerodynamically.
Many people are rollerblading down the street .
Rollerbladers roll in formation down a hill .
Two men on motorcycles are racing at a track .
Two motorcycles race on a track .
Two motorcyclists are making a turn in a race , one with a red themed outfit and bike , the other in black .
Two motorcyclists are racing around a circular track .
Two motorcyclists lay over to the side as they make a sharp curve .
A black dog is playing inside the fence .
A black dog looks through the fence at another dog .
A black poodle plays with another dog in a dry field .
A black poodle and another dog with something in its mouth are playing on some dry grass .
Two dogs play in the yellow grass with a ball .
Seven people are posing over a structure that extends over a watery area and ocean .
Seven people jumping into the clear blue water .
Seven people jumping into water .
seven people jump into the water .
Seven people leaping into the air over a walk over blue water .
A person is rollerblading on a railing by a sidewalk with people .
A person with glasses is performing an aerial trick on a post in the city .
A skateboarder on a city street .
Rollerblader in red shirt is skating on a handrail .
The skateboarder does a trick on the railing while other people passing by watch .
a loan motorcyclist riding a red motorcycle on a racetrack.
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle .
An overhead view of a racing motorcycle .
A person in protective gear riding a matching motorbike .
Number 75 motorcycle racer rides his red and black bike .
A black mother and five children in a rural area.
A family in the desert .
An african family are standing in front of some makeshift houses .
Family standing in a small village .
Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket .
A child in a brown coat is kicking a soccer ball across an open field .
A child in a grey coat kicking a soccer ball .
A child kicks a soccer ball .
Child playing with soccer ball in a field .
The young boy wearing a brown coat is playing soccer .
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence .
A dog jumps over a wire fence in a dry grassland .
a dog jumps over the fence .
A small tan dog jumps over the barbed wire fence .
The brown and white dog is jumping over a high wire fence .
A forest guide points something up to a group of visitors .
A group of about 11 people of all ages with binoculars in the woods.
A group of people are being lead on an outdoor tour with an older tour guide .
A group of people pointing and looking at something off-camera .
A group of people with cameras and binoculars point and look at something .
A dog is jumping down the stairs .
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs .
A German Shepherd jumps off of a set of stairs .
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs .
The German shepherd leaps off the stairs .
A man on a bicycle jumping over a horizontal pole with a crowd in the background .
A man on a bike in the air .
A man on bike is jumping an obstacle with a crowd in the background .
A man wearing a helmet is on a bicycle in the air while people in the background watch him .
Boy jumping over rail on bicycle while crowd watches.
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain .
A skier is going down a huge snow covered slope .
A skier skiing down a large mountain.
The man is skiing down the steep , snowy white mountain with clouds in the background .
The skier is going down a large mountain .
a woman wearing a white helmeted looking up as she is calming a huge rock wall.
A woman is climbing up a steep mountain over water .
People mountain climbing .
People rock crawl up a steep obstacle .
These helmeted people are rock climbing outdoors .
A man is firing a handgun at a shooting range .
a man wearing ear defenders is shooting a pistol at a white target .
A man with yellow ear protectors is firing a gun in a shooting range .
A person wearing yellow headphones shoots a gun at a target .
Someone fires a gun at a indoor shooting range .
A white dog is leaning against a golden colored dog .
The brown dog is on a leash and appears to be playing with the white and brown colored dog .
The two dogs are standing with their heads entwined around each other .
Two dogs groom each other .
Two dogs on leashes get close together .
A boy in blue jumps his skateboard off some steps while his friends watch .
A boy in blue jumps on a skateboard while two others watch him.
A group of skaters are at a skate park .
A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch .
Three skateboarders are in a park .
A bike rider in green jersey races along a road .
A biker looks back at the camera for a photo .
A cyclist in a helmet and yellow jersey .
A man in a safety vest riding a bicycle on the highway .
A man in a yellow shirt riding a blue bicycle moving very fast .
A man in a long sleeved white shirt is walking past something called the lounge bar .
A man in a white longsleeve shirt and black pants is walking on the sidewalk .
A man is walking down a sidewalk under a " lounge bar " sign .
A man walks on a fancy sidewalk next to an abandoned bar .
The man wearing a white jacket and black pants is walking in front of a white building .
A boy is doing a jumping stunt on a bicycle in a run down street .
A boy is in the air on his bike .
A boy performs a one-handed trick on his bicycle by a rundown building .
A young man is pulling tricks on his bike in front of a warehouse .
The boy does a jumps his bike into the air .
A group of men play hockey in a stadium .
A player sits on the bench while watching his teammates play ice hockey .
A referee breaking up a fight during a hockey game .
A referee is intervening in a hockey game .
Four hockey players and a referee on the ice .
A man in a crowd wears a red hat and a red bandanna over his face .
A person with dreadlocks and a red hat with their face covered by a red bandanna.
A woman wearing a hat and red scarf stands among others wearing similar clothes .
A woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna .
The lady is wearing a bandanna around her face to protect her from dust .
a girl with a star painted on her face smiles .
A lady in a sequined hat with red face paint .
A woman wearing a red hat and face paint smiles at another woman .
A woman with a painted face smiling .
The woman has her face painted with a red star and is drinking a beer .
An african american in sunglasses and a white tee-shirt smiles .
A young black man in sunglasses is smiling broadly .
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling.
Smiling bald , black man in sunglasses and a t-shirt .
The smiling black man is wearing a white t-shirt and dark sunglasses .
Some young boys hang out around their car .
Three men standing in front of a parked white care.
Three teenage boys standing in front of a white car.
Three young black men lean againest a white jeep .
Three young men lean on the front of a Toyota truck .
A Jack Russell Terrier jumps into a stream .
A white dog is running into a river .
A white dog runs into a lake .
A white dog wearing a red tag with brown on the left side of its face is jumping into the water .
A white dog with brown marks jumps from the bank into the water .
A little baby climbing up the ladder after someone .
A little girl is climbing a ladder .
A person on a ladder with a baby underneath .
A person stands at the top of a ladder as a young girl begins to climb .
A person stands on a ladder and a small child climbs at the bottom of the ladder .
British police standing at a parade .
Police gather .
Police in yellow jackets at a protest.
The police in the neon jackets stood guard against the large crowd .
The police officers in bright yellow jackets watch the crowd .
A group of men are changing the shells on a cannon .
Group of men loading a cannon .
several men loading a metal cannon.
Several people work on a machine .
Some men try to load what looks like a cannon .
A woman and child fly soar through the air , seated on an amusement park ride .
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park .
Smiling little girl on a carnival ride .
There is a little girl riding a carnival ride .
The young girl enjoys the swing at the carnival .
Dog chases ball in water .
Two black dogs playing in surf , one grabbing a red ball off the sand .
two black dogs race for a ball on the shore .
Two dogs playing on a beach with a red ball while waves roll in .
Two dogs play in the surf and one has a red ball .
Two girls in colourful clothes inside a shower enclosure .
Two girls in shorts are standing inside a shower stall .
Two girls play in the shower with their clothes on .
Two girls stand in a shower stall .
Two girls wearing colorful shirts and shorts standing in a lighted shower stall .
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool .
A black dog jumps into a swimming pool .
A dog jumps into a pool while someone watches from the side .
Black dog jumps in pool .
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool .
A dirt bike racer jumps over a slope .
A man in a grey suit and helmet is jumping a yellow dirt bike .
A man on a dirt bike jumps slightly as he crests a rise .
A man rides a dirt bike over a hill .
a motorcycle rider is slightly airborne on a motocross circuit.
A guy wearing sunglasses is smoking .
A man is standing amidst a crowd of people while smoking a cigarette .
A young man is standing wearing a black jacket and pink shirt with a cigarette in his mouth .
A young , stubbled man in sunglasses lights a cigarette on a city street .
The scruffy young man smokes a cigarette on a busy street .
A girl swings on a vine over water .
A girl tries holding onto a vine so she so n't fall into the water .
a girl wearfing pink swings over a creek .
The girl is swinging on a rope over a small pond .
Woman swinging above water while holding a vine .
A lady looks to her right and holds a mini camera .
A lady with curly brown hair stands in a crowd with a camera .
A woman holding a camera .
A woman stands in a crowd holding a camera .
The woman with a camera is looking to the side in a crowded area.
Two boys go after a soccer ball during a game while a goalie waits .
Two boys run after a soccer ball during a game .
Two opposing soccer players run toward the ball while a goalies prepares a block .
two players run for the soccer ball .
Two young soccer players race to the goal .
A man dressed in heavy winter clothing becomes airborne over a tire buried deep in the snow .
A man is snowboarding over a large tire buried in the deep snow .
A person in the snow jumping over a tire .
a young man in a beige jumpsuit boarding over a large tire.
This person is bundled up in warm clothing and jumping over a tire half-buried in snow .
A man in a brown jacket is leading a black shire horse .
A man walking a large black horse .
Man in brown jacket leading black horse.
Man leads a black show horse as crowd observes .
The man is walking with a draft horse.
A dirt biker is taking a large jump wearing a yellow suit .
A man in yellow performs a bike trick .
A motocross bike is jumping through the air over a dirt track .
A person wearing yellow is taking a jump on a dirt bike .
The motorcycle racer in a yellow uniform is in midair .
A homeless man is walking down the sidewalk alone .
A man in worn and ragged clothes carries a satchel while passin a tree and trashcan .
One old homeless guy walks by the park .
The old man has a long white beard and a yellow and black hat .
The old man with the white beard is walking down the street .
A boy belly-surfing a skateboard into a pile of autumn leaves .
A young boy falls off his skateboard into a pile of brown leaves in the road .
A young skateboarder in a pile of leaves with a smile on his face .
Little boy laying in a pile of leaves next to a skateboard .
Young boy in green shirt rolling on a cart into a pile of leaves .
A softball player in sunglasses tries to avoid a mishap with another player .
Two female baseball players reach for the ball .
Two softball players trying to catch a ball.
Two women playing softball , one with sunglasses on .
women playing softball in uniforms .
