A boy sits on a tree stump .
A boy sits on the tall fence post and smiles .
A boy sitting on a stump .
A child sits on top of a large tree stump .
A small boy in sandals sits on a wooden post in a field .
A dark-headed boy is eating a large red Popsicle .
A little boy is eating a red Popsicle .
Dark haired child eating a frozen treat .
Little boy eating a red Popsicle .
The wide eyed little boy is eating a red Popsicle .
A child plays with a toy on a playground .
A small child is wearing a blue outfit with blue shoes .
A toddler plays on a playground .
A young child is playing with a stick at a playground .
There is a toddler playing on a playground .
A brown dog smelling a grey dog 's tail .
Two dogs are smelling each other .
two dogs in the middle of a heavily wooded forest.
Two dogs standing in the woods .
two medium size dogs smiff each others behinds .
A little girl in a pink and white ski suit and red helmet skies sideways on the snow covered slope .
Child in pink and white skying down a slope .
Little girl skis on slope .
Person in pink skis wearing skis on a slope .
Young skier in a pink ski-suit is on the side of a snowy hill.
A black and white dog bounds through a field .
A black and white dog bounds through tall wheat grass .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
A white and black dog leaps through long grass in a field .
The dog is running through a field .
A black and tan Doberman dog is jumping through some water .
A dog jumping through the water at a lake.
Black dog with black and tan face running through water .
Doberman leaping through the water .
The doberman pincer is leaping through the water .
A girl in a white dress .
A little girl in white is looking back at the camera while carrying a water grenade .
A smiling young girl in braids is playing ball .
A young girl wearing white looks at the camera as she plays .
The girl is holding a green ball .
an Asian girl carrying a pink bag is walking away down a busy city street .
A woman wearing black boots and a skirt walks down the sidewalk .
A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk .
A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores .
Girl wearing a mini dress and long sleve white jacket with a pink bag walking through a crowded area .
The two small dogs run through the grass .
Two fluffy white dogs running in green grass .
Two small dogs run through the grass .
Two small dogs that look almost identical are playing in the grass .
Two yellow dogs run together in green grass .
Two little boys in tuxedos .
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor .
Two young boys dressed in formal clothes fight while sitting on a red carpeted step .
Two young boys in suits wrestle .
Well dressed children play on the carpet .
A big brown dog jumps into a swimming pool on the backyard .
A dog in mid-leap into a pool .
Brown dog jumping into the pool.
The brown dog is jumping into the crystal-clear pool .
The large brown dog is jumping into a swimming pool .
A little girl eating two cookies .
A little girl with blonde hair and blue eyes is eating cookies .
A young girl with blond hair and blue eyes is eating a cookie with one hand while holding another cookie in the other .
Little girl with blue eyes eating cookies .
Young girl with blue eyes eating a cookie .
A border collie jumps over a bed with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog jumping with a ball in its mouth .
A dog jumps on a bed and catches a green toy .
Border collie jumps in the air and catches a tennis ball .
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A woman is holding a white satchel that is full of dollar bills .
A woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled " LUCKY " full of bills .
A woman wearing a money themed costume stands on the street .
A woman wearing a suitcase full of money .
A woman wearing dollar sign glasses , holding a dollar bill , stands with a suitcase that says " Lucky " that is overflowing with cash .
A man in a red jacket stands near a yellow kayak .
a man in a red jacket stands next to a yellow kayak on rocks by the ocean .
A man pulls on his sweater as a kayak lays at his feet .
A man wearing a red jacket standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background.
A man wearing a red jacket stands on the shore of a lake with a yellow kayak .
A girl smiles while riding on the back of a cart in a grocery store .
A little girl is riding on the front of a shopping cart in a store .
A little girl wearing blue is riding the end of a shopping cart in a grocery store .
A young girl with a front tooth missing dressed in a plaid skirt and blue shirt riding on a shopping cart in a grocery store .
Girl with brown hair in a blue shirt and blue and white skirt holding on to a shopping cart in a store .
A blond Caucasian woman in a blue shirt wearing a straw hat .
A long haired woman is wearing a grass cowboy hat and a stripped shirt .
A woman in a blue and white shirt is wearing a cowboy hat .
A woman wearing a hat .
Woman in a blue and white striped shirt with a straw cowboy hat on .
A blond woman in sunglasses and hat talks on a cellphone .
a lady with a baseball cap on talking on he cellphone.
A woman talks on the phone at a stadium .
A young blonde woman wearing a hat and sunglasses talks on her cellphone .
woman with dark glasses and ball cap talking on a cellphone.
A toddler is sitting inside a yellow tunnel in the playground .
A young boy plays in a yellow tunnel on a playground .
Boy in yellow shirt sitting in yellow playground slide.
The little boy in the yellow tunnel is wearing a yellow shirt .
The young child prepares to go down the slide .
A boy going down a water slide .
A boy in green trunks slides down a water slide .
A boy slides down an inflatable water slide .
A child reaches the bottom of an inflatable slide .
A young boy smiling as he rides down an inflatable water slide .
A girl in a brown dress is moving through the green grass by a metal fence .
A little girl in a dress jumping in a backyard .
a little girl jumps up in her brown dress .
A woman in a black dress jumps on the grass .
The girl in a dress is jumping in the air outside .
A black and white dog with a red Frisbee standing on a sandy beach .
A dog drops a red disc on a beach .
A dog with a red Frisbee flying in the air .
Dog catching a red Frisbee .
The black dog is dropping a red disc on a beach .
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone .
A woman in a low cut shirt takes a picture with her cellphone .
A woman in a red shirt holding a cellphone .
A woman taking pictures with her phone .
The girl in sunglasses holds up her phone to take a picture of something .
A child with a yellow cup and milk all over his face .
A little boy drinks milk and gets milk all over his face and table .
a little boy spilled his milk from the green cup .
Small laughing child with blond hair sitting at a table holding a green sippy cup .
Toddler with milk around his mouth .
A man at the top of rocks , clouds behind .
A man stands on top of a rocky hill .
A man stands on top of a rocky mountain .
A person standing on top of some rocks with the sky behind .
A person stands on a mountaintop .
A boy in an open Hawaiian shirt is making the Longhorns symbol with his hand .
A boy wearing a flowered shirt raises his arm and jumps .
A child in Hawaiian clothing jumps and poses in a low cut yard nearby a fence and building .
A child jumping in the air with his or her shirt flying open .
The boy with his shirt undone is stretching his arm in the air .
A boy hiding behind a tree.
A boy in a striped t-shirt is standing by a tree in front of the picnic tables .
A little boy in a striped shirt is standing behind a tree .
A young boy in a striped shirt is leaning against a tree while another child sits at a picnic table .
Two boys in a park , one standing near a tree and one sitting at a picnic table with the playground behind them .
A boy is jumping forwards down a water slide .
a boy jumps onto a inflatable water slide.
A boy on a water slide.
A boy wearing a blue swimsuit begins to slide down a water slide .
A person in swim trunks jumping down an inflatable slide.
A little blonde toddler is wading in a baby pool .
A young boy in a pool.
A young boy playing in a swimming pool.
A young boy with blond hair is in a swimming pool .
The little boy is coming out of the water in a swimming pool .
A child puts dirt into his mouth .
A little boy who is playing outdoors is tasting dirt .
A small child squats and puts dirt into his mouth .
A toddler eats dirt .
The little boy wearing the blue shirt is putting dirt in his mouth .
A group of girls are waiting outside of a potty-potty .
Six people standing behind a fence .
Six women standing in a field awaiting their turn at a port-a-potty .
Six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field .
Women standing outside to use the potty .
A young girl in red is jumping over a bent over child for a children ' game .
Children are playing leapfrog in front of a fountain.
Children playing leapfrog .
Children playing leapfrog beside fountain .
Six children near a water fountain .
A child is leaping from one bed to another in the same room .
A little blonde boy jumps from one bed to another .
A small blonde child jumping from one bed to another .
A small boy leaps from one bed to another .
A young blonde boy is jumping from bed to bed .
A woman is clapping her hands while running in front of a running brown dog .
A woman leads a small dog through an agility competition .
The little red dog is running a course in front of blue tents .
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course .
Woman on grass playing with small dog .
A boy swings a plastic bat .
A little blonde boy in a Winnie the Pool t-shirt holds up a red plastic bat .
A little boy holds a bat in the air waiting on the ball .
A little boy in a Winnie the Pooh T-shirt is waiting to swing his red bat .
A small child swings back a red baseball bat .
A woman in a blue tank top and shorts is jogging down an asphalt road .
A woman jogging up a hill with a scenic view behing her.
A woman in a purple top and white cap jogging down the road .
Person in blue top and shorts wearing a cap standing on a road with mountain with trees in the background .
The woman in the white hat and blue shorts is jogging in the bicycle lane on a mountain road .
A man walking a tightrope , low to the ground , between two trees .
a man walks across the tightrope .
A man walks on a low tightrope under a tree .
A young man is walking across a suspended rope at night .
A young man walks a tightrope tied to a tree at night .
a man is talking on a cellphone outside of a bar .
A man standing in front of Dale Jr posters with red light.
A man talks on a cellphone , while standing in front of a Dale Earnhardt , Jr , display .
Man on the phone in front of a neon sign.
The man is talking on his cellphone in front of a sports store .
A brown and white greyhound wearing a red number five is caught in midair racing .
A greyhound with the number 5 on it is running along a dirt racing track .
A muzzled animal jumps over a metal bar and splashes through the mud .
a muzzled greyhound wearing the number five is running on a dog track .
Dog with muzzle and sweater marked 5 runs on dirt track .
A woman in yellow , jogging .
A woman is jogging on a road by a shoreline , holding an item up in the air .
A woman jogs down the rode near a rocky shore .
A woman passing by the shore .
The woman in the yellow shirt jogged along the coastline .
A girl laying on a sidewalk .
a girl lays on her driveway .
A girl lays on the sidewalk with her arms and face in the grass .
A little girl lays on the sidewalk with her face in the grass .
The little girl is laying on the sidewalk .
A group of children in a church basement play maracas and tambourines .
A group of children play tambourines .
a group of young children performing song and playing instruments .
Six children in a row with small musical instruments .
Six children playing musical instruments and singing in what appears to be a church .
Two guys are posing next to each other on the steps of a building with traffic behind them .
Two men are sitting on steps in front of a city building .
Two men pose at the bottom of a set of steps in a metropolitain area .
Two men sit together beside stone steps in an urban setting .
Two men sit together on a set of steps outside near a street ,.
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool .
A black dog runs around an outdoor swimming pool .
A black dog walking beside a pool .
A black poodle walks on the edge of a pool .
A fluffy blank poodle is walking on the edge of a pool .
A boy smiles and swims in blue water .
A boy smiles while he swims .
a boy swims in the pool .
A smiling boy swims , with only his head above the water .
A smiling child swims .
A gas station and a car on fire .
A large explosion occured near a red car at a gas station .
A red car is caught in an explosion .
a red car is leaping through a ball of fire .
Flames at gas pumps engulf a red car .
A man is riding a powered para-glider in the air at sunset .
An individual is floating in the air with a parachute .
A person in the sky connected to a fan .
Parachuter in midair .
Person hang gliding at sunset .
A fan operated vehicle with a yellow parachute is landing .
A flying machine with a yellow sail is landing with industrial buildings in the background .
A man in the air in a four-wheeled cart attached to a parachute with smokestacks on the sun-setting horizon .
Man parasails at night.
Person landing a yellow hanglider .
A child and her mother are playing ball in a park .
A little girl with a hat playing ball with her mom .
A young asian girl with a woman plays with a blue ball in a part setting .
A young woman and her daughter play with a blue and white beach ball in the grass .
Girl with tan dress and a hat with woman in a grey top with blue ball on ground .
Two men are standing on a path in front of a white building .
Two men stand close to each other in front of a building with many balconies .
two men stand in front of a large building .
Two men standing in front of a condominium building with grass and trees around .
Two men stand on a sidewalk in front of a tropical hotel .
A brown dog running.
A brown dog running over grass .
A brown dog with its front paws off the ground on a grassy surface near red and purple flowers .
A dog runs across a grassy lawn near some flowers .
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers .
A kid in purple is doing a skateboard trick .
A man in a purple shirt attempts tricks with a skateboard inside a heavily graffiti painted area .
A man in a purple shirt is skateboarding in a graffiti-heavy area .
A person grinding a ledge on a skateboard .
A person wearing a blue hat rides a skateboard off of a cement bench .
A woman is pointing while others are taking pictures .
A woman points to the left as she and others look that way .
The woman in the black shirt is pointing in front of her with a cement wall in front of her .
They are sitting on the edge of a fountain.
Woman pointing while others take pictures of something.
A dog chews on a toy on a blue blanket .
A dog is laying on a blue rug , chewing and making a mess .
A gray dog chewing on a toy .
A grey dog with blue eyes laying on a bright blue carpet while chewing on something .
The gray , blue eyed hound puppy is laying on a blue carpet chewing on a toy .
A man in sunglasses and a neatly trimmed beard overlooks a woody valley .
a man posing with large grassy mountains off in the distance .
A man wearing sunglasses stands before a forested landscape .
A man with a beard and sunglasses is standing in front of tree-covered hills .
Bearded man with sunglasses in the mountains .
A boy leaping on to a slip and slide with his friends watching in the background .
A boy playing outside on a slip and slide .
A young boy dives onto a water toy .
A young boy leaps onto a water toy while five people look on .
The young boy is enjoying himself playing on the water toys .
A girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket.
A little girl is playing tennis on an outdoor court .
A young girl in a red shirt hitting a tennis ball with a pink racket.
A young girl is about to attempt to hit a tennis ball .
The tennis player in the red shirt is trying to hit the ball .
A little dog is sitting on a person 's bent leg .
A person stands with a small dog balancing on their leg .
a person with a small dog caught in her legs.
A woman carrying a small black dog between her legs .
The person is walking with a small black and white dog .
A man talks on his cellphone while he walks down the street .
A member of the clergy carries a blue bag in his hand and talks on the phone as he walks .
A priest carrying a small blue bag walking down the street talking on a cellphone .
Priest in black walking on sidewalk carrying a blue bag and talking on cellphone .
Priest walking with blue bag while talking on cellphone .
A shirtless dark haired boy in gray shorts is running .
a skinny young man running with no shirt on.
a small boy in blue shorts running down a sidewalk with flowers in the background.
A small boy , wearing shorts and no shirt , is running outdoors .
The boy who is walking is wearing grey shorts and no shirt .
A cowboy covers his head as a jumping horse tramples him .
A man in a cowboy hat being stepped on by a brown horse.
A rider has fallen off a horse and is shielding himself from being trampled.
Man with white cowboy hat on the ground behind a brown horse with both front legs off the ground .
Whoa ! The cowboy is underneath the hoofs of the brown horse and is getting stepped on .
a baby wearing a blue bandanna is playing with a set of colored rings .
A child in a blue scarf and a tan outfit plays with plastic toys on a rug nearby a soft chair .
A toddler in a blue bandanna playing with a set of rings on a stick .
A toddler with a blue scarf wrapped on his head plays with a wooden toy .
The little boy is wearing a blue bandanna .
A kayak on the river is passing by a wire bridge that joins both banks .
Some people ride their kayaks down the river .
two conoes float down the river .
Two groups are canoeing on a river overlooking a mountain .
Two people rafting down a river , a footbridge in the background .
People are boating near a mountain .
Two people in a canoe are rowing past a large , tree-covered mountain .
Two people in a canoe float past a rocky , wooded cliff .
Two people in a canoe on a river beside a forested mountain .
Two people in a kayak are paddling past green foliage on a river .
A person and a dog run on a paved road near a forest .
A person runs with a dog .
A person jogs down a gravel road after a small dog .
A woman and dog running down an asphalt , tree lined road .
Someone in a green shirt running behind a small dog .
A girl jumps over water at the beach .
a lone person wearing a purple tank top running on the shore at the beach.
A woman leaps across the beach .
The woman is wearing a purple shirt and runs on the beach .
Woman on beach , running from water to trees .
A brown dog and a red dog frolicking on the waters edge on the beach .
two brown dogs are running on the beach beside the ocean .
Two brown dogs chase and playfully fight with each other on the sandy beach .
Two brown dogs play on the sand by the water .
Two dogs running down a beach .
A boy is jumping on the grass whist other children are standing around .
A group of children outside a building includes a boy jumping in the grass .
A group of kids are standing outside together .
Some children stand outside a building .
There is a boy in blue shorts and a blue shirt jumping in the grass .
A boy in a red and white shirt kicks a large baseball while surrounded by people .
A boy kicks a giant baseball while a group of children watch .
A boy kicks a really large baseball.
A kid kicking a large ball while surrounded by other kids .
Children are outside playing with an oversized baseball .
A girl is feeding a camel.
A little girl feeds a.
A little girl in a purple t-shirt feeds an animal .
A young girl feeding a camel .
The girl is at a petting zoo and feeding a camel .
A baby girl wearing a pink jacket climbs wooden steps .
A small child climbs stairs at a beach .
A small child climbs steps outdoors in a grassy area .
A small child in a pink hoodie ascending tall stairs outdoors .
A small child in a pink sweater begins to climb a concrete staircase .
A boy is making a splash in a swimming pool .
A child is splashed by water in an indoor swimming pool .
A little boy is jumping out of the pool .
A redheaded boy has just come up from under the water in a pool .
A young boy playing in a swimming pool .
two girls are standing in front of a car that is advertising Red Bull .
Two ladies pose in front of the Red Bull Energy Drink vehicle .
Two women posing next to the Redbull car .
Two women standing beside a silver and blue car with a Redbull logo and a giant Redbull can on it .
Two young women stand by a Red Bull car .
A GI relaxes and waits at an airport .
A man dressed in military uniform sits down and looks through some papers .
A man in army fatigues is reading something while laying on the floor .
A soldier is looking out of a window .
The soldier looks out the window as he sits with his legs crossed .
A crowd begins to march in a small downtown setting .
a group of people holding signs and marching through the streets .
A group of people with signs and banners walking down the street.
a protest march is crossing the intersection of two streets near to a building with red awnings .
Many people hold signs and march down the street .
A float representing the times of hanging is shown in the back of a truck .
A man in a judge costume stand on a red truck and hangs a dummy .
Man dressed as a judge pretending to hang another man on top of a truck .
Three people in costumes stand on the back of a pickup truck .
Three people stand on the back of a truck .
A dog chasing a ball indoors .
A small dog catches a tennis ball indoors .
A small dog chasing a ball .
The little white and brown dog has his mouth wide open while trying to catch something .
The small dog is baring his teeth and chasing an object .
A boy in shorts stands , arms outstreched , on a roadway .
A child cavorts on the road .
A child in white shorts and a blue shirt is standing in the street .
a young boy wearing a hat dancing in the street.
Small boy is eating a lollipop and dancing in the street .
A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium .
A green shirted man sits among the many unoccupied red seats .
A man wearing a green numbered shirt is sitting in a stadium .
A photo of an arena with very few people in the stands .
Man with SANTANA 57 shirt sits in sparsely occupied seating area .
A baseball hitter holding a bat falling down .
A baseball player runs on the field .
A boy at bat playing a baseball game falls to the ground while onlookers watch .
A child in a uniform is falling to the ground with a bat in his or her hand .
This baseball player , dressed in red and white uniform and holding a bat , is falling after being hit by a pitch .
A close-up shot of a long haired man playing a red electric guitar .
A man rocks out onstage with his guitar .
A man with long blonde hair playing a red guitar.
Man with long blond hair playing red electric guitar .
Person with blonde flyaway hair playing guitar.
A father pushes his daughters go-kart while another girl watches.
A girl riding in a toy car with a man behind her.
A man pushes a child in a blue car while another child looks on .
The little girl is driving the small blue car .
Two small children play with a toy riding car in the street with a grown up .
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth .
A dog in a harness holds a stick in his mouth while standing in the water .
A dog retrieves a stick from a body of water .
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth as it comes out of the water .
The white dog is standing in the water with a stick in its mouth .
A man doing a karate kick on a block of ice .
A man karate kicks a stack of ice bricks .
A martial artist breaks a brick .
A martial artist breaks ice with a kick .
The man breaking the ice with his foot stands on a blue mat .
A man is laying down on grass near trees and a hose .
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard .
A person lays in the grass .
A person lies in a grassy area near a building .
one man lying of the ground in the grass surrounded by trees .
A black and white dog chasing a tan and white dog across a path .
A dog runs behind another at a park .
two dogs are running across a grassy path .
Two dogs are running quickly through a park .
Two dogs run through the park .
There are two women tanning in bikinis .
Two people sunbathe beside water .
Two women are laying on a concrete structure beside the ocean .
Two women sunbathe by the water .
Two women sunbathe on a concrete terrace .
A man eyes the ground as he comes in for a landing from parasailing .
A man hanging just above the ground .
A man is holding onto handles in the air .
A man is in the desert a few feet off the ground holding onto strings of a parachute .
A parachuting man gets ready to land .
A man bracing himself against the pull of a large kite .
a man holds his parachute .
Man trying to guide a kit in the desert .
The man crouched down as he held onto the parachute that was caught in the breeze .
The man slides in the sand while holding on to his hang glider .
A girl begins to wade through deep grass that covers a stone structure on a coastline .
A girl is walking on a sandy path .
A small girl playing in a park .
A young girl in a white cap is walking through an area with trees .
A young girl with a read shirt and a white hat playing among the foliage .
A man in a yellow coat tends a fire , a boy in a parka watches .
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .
A person holds a frying pan over an open fire as a child watches .
The adult cooks over the fire as the child looks on .
The man in the yellow jacket is cooking over an open fire as the little boy watches .
A girl in pink pants running , an ornate Spanish ruin in the background .
The girl dressed in purple walks through the alley , followed by a girl in pink .
Two children within the ruins of a building .
Two girls , one running away from the wall .
Two little girls play around an old abandoned building .
a brown dog nursing.
A dog breastfeeding .
A mother dog giving her puppy some milk .
A puppy is nursing from its mother .
A young puppy suckles from his mother .
A dog leaps on the beach .
A playful dog is jumping on the sand .
Brown dog is leaping up into the air .
The collared dog is jumping into the air .
There is a brown dog leaping on the beach .
a closeup picture of a girl with long black hair and one hand raised in the air .
A lady with dark hair dressed in red clothing with left arm in the air .
A woman in a red shirt with her arm raised .
A woman in a red sweater raises her hand in a crowd .
a woman raises her hand .
A child is holding a colorful object and overlooking a crowd of people while sitting on the shoulders of an older person .
A girl in a blue sweater sits on a person 's shoulders and carries a pinwheel .
A girls in a blue shirt holds a flower while sitting on a man 's shoulders .
A young oriential girl is standing above the crowd playing with a pinwheel.
Girl in blue sweater and holding a multicolor toy sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair .
A child in an orange shirt with a book .
A young asian boy in a orange long-sleeved t-shirt holds a magazine .
A young boy is holding a book .
The boy wearing an orange sweater is carrying a book .
There is a child wearing an orange shirt and hold an orange book .
A baby crawls on a wood floor near a bottle of water .
A baby crawls on hardwood floors towards a water bottle .
A baby on a wood floor with a water bottle.
An infant is crawling on a wood floor , with a water bottle laying nearby .
A young baby crawls across the wood floor towards the water bottle .
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill .
A small child crawling on a windowsill .
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows .
The little boy crawls around next to the large glass windows .
This picture shows a boy in a blue shirt leaning his head against a window with lots of beautiful clowds outside .
A green Volkswagen Bug and other vintage cars are admired by people in a courtyard .
A lime green VW bug .
Cars and people gathered in a city mall area .
In this plaza , we see a green VW beetle , a white sports coupe and many people looking at the autos .
The courtyard of a South American city with a crowd and vintage cars .
A group of children climbing on a statue of a bear .
Four children playing on a sculpture of a bear .
Four kids are climbing on a fake black bear .
Four young children playing on a stone bear with people in the background .
Several children climbing on a bear statue .
A child in a blue shirt sitting on a forest floor , looking through binoculars .
A child sits in the woods looking up with binoculars .
A girl sitting on the ground in the forest looking through binoculars .
A young girl sits on the forest floor and looks up through binoculars .
The woman with binoculars is sitting on the forest floor looking up .
A little girl in a bathing suit leaps up in the water .
A little girl wearing a black tankini is jumping in the air with water in the background .
A young girl in a swimming suit jumps into a body of water .
A young girl jumping out of the water.
The girl in the bathing suit is poised in midair next to the blue water .
a black puppy jumping on the back of a white puppy.
A black dog and a white dog wrestle .
A black dog and a white dog wrestling next to a food dish .
A black puppy stands over a white puppy .
A small black dog is standing over a small white dog laying on his side .
A climber walks along a snowy peak .
A man climbs over snow covered rocks by a shore .
A man is standing on a snowcapped mountain .
A person hikes down a snowy mountain .
There man on top of an snow covered mountain with a lake behind him .
Several brown dogs playing with a tennis ball in a grassy field .
Three brown dogs chase a tennis ball .
Three dogs are playing outside with a tennis ball .
Three dogs play with a ball on a field .
Three tan dogs run after a tennis ball .
A boy smiles at the camera .
A little boy is smiling and playing in a playground .
A little boy playing on the monkey bars .
A young boy smiles as he hangs from monkey bars .
A young boy smiles as he hangs onto bars at the playground .
Three children run by the water .
Three children running down a sidewalk next to a river .
Three children run on a sidewalk with a river on one side and a wall on the other .
Three children run on the walkway by the river .
Three kids , one holding a closed umbrella , run around on a sidewalk next to a river .
A black dog runs paralell to a wire fence in a grassy medow .
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings .
A dog runs past an empty chair and a tripod , between stretched strings , marking a path through a grassy field .
A dog with all fours up in the air above the clover-filled grass .
The gray dog is running on a green field .
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth .
A dog holds an orange rag in his mouth while running .
A dog running with a red item in its mouth .
Black dog running through grass with something orange in its mouth.
On garden lawn , black dog is retriving an object .
A young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play .
Children playing in a green and blue bounce house .
Children play in the blue and green jumping tent filled with air .
Four children are playing on a bouncy castle .
The little kids all play and jump around inside the inflatable toy .
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach .
two boys playing in dirty water.
Two children are playing in deep muddy water .
Two children are rolling in muddy water .
Two muddy boys swim .
A man and woman relaxing in shallow water near a waterfall .
a man and woman sit in the creek .
A woman in a bikini sits in shallow water with a man sitting next to her .
The man and woman are sitting in the water .
Two people sit in a shallow river near the rocks .
A big thin dog runs fast in a field of grass .
A black dog is running through a field of grass and dandilions .
A black Greyhound running in an open field .
A dog runs through a field .
A very thin , black dog running in a field .
A boy eating at a table .
A young boy in pajamas eats out of a red bowl at a wood table .
a young boy making a big mess on the floor and table while eating cereal.
A young boy sits at a table and eats as food is spilled all around .
The boy in blue and white pajamas is sitting at the table eating .
A man in sunglasses sits on rocks .
A man sitting in clear shallow water beside a large rock face .
A person is sitting in a shallow lagoon .
Man with sunglasses sitting in shallow water .
The man with the white t-shirt is sitting in a stream looking at a rock .
A girl in a hate with ear flaps and a sweater .
A teenage girl is wearing a brown hat and a jacket with hearts on .
A woman stands in front of a mountain in the winter .
A young woman is outside in the snow wearing a hat .
The girl stands outside in the cold wearing a warm hat and looking off into the distance .
A woman is sitting in a chair near a brick building .
A woman sits in a blue chair outside a brick house .
The elderly African woman is sitting on a blue chair in front of a rough brick wall .
This woman is sitting in a lawnchair on the sand .
Woman in grey shirt and dark skirt sitting in blue chair with white stars in front of a brick wall .
An aged woman is looking into the camera while the inside of her hut is shown .
An elderly woman is looking at the camera .
an older woman smiling in a small room .
An old person stands in a third world kitchen .
A older person stands near a clay bench and looks into the camera .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt spins on a merry-go-round at a park .
A young girl at a playground.
A young girl on a blue and yellow merry-go-round , with a blurry background .
Children in summer clothes play on a turnaround in a sun-dappled park .
two young girls wearing pink shirts ridding on a merry-go-round at a park.
The greyhounds are running quickly in this race .
Three dogs racing on racetrack.
Three dogs running on a racing track .
Three greyhounds racing on a track.
Three racing dogs with masks on their mouths .
A man in a kilt follows a girl and another man in a kilt and holds a girl wearing silver shoes .
Group of people walking around outdoors , one girl is being carried .
One woman is being carried behind three people who are walking on path .
People walking on a sidewalk , with one carrying a female .
These people are walking away from the camera , while one person carries another .
A brown and white dog is jumping a red and yellow pole .
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole .
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole.
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole .
a brown and white dog swimming towards some in the pool.
A dog in a swimming pool swims toward sombody we cannot see .
A dog swims in a pool near a person .
Small dog is paddling through the water in a pool .
The small brown and white dog is in the pool .
A black dog barking .
A black dog has its mouth open while leaning to the side .
A black dog in a flat field attempts to make a turn .
a black dog is running with its mouth open across a grassy field .
The dog ran in the field .
A small kid is about to kick a soccer ball while two other kids are chasing him .
Boys in uniform behind a ball .
Boys playing soccer .
Three boys ( one in red , two in blue , play soccer .
Three young boys are playing soccer on the grass .
A photographer is holding his camera next to an orange barrier beside water .
A photographer is kneeling in front of a railing that is protects falling into water .
A photographer kneels down next to the edge of a dock with his camera .
A smiling photographer.
The crouching man is holding a large camera .
A man in a blue shirt and beard looks at something that he is holding .
A man with a bread looking at his camera .
A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background .
An old man adjusts his camera .
An old man is examining his camera while a younger man is singing nearby .
A black dog running towards a camera .
A black dog runs along the grass .
A black dog runs on the grass near to a brown and white dog .
a black dog runs through the dry grass .
Two dogs , one coming toward the camera while one walks in the background .
A girl in a purple tutu dances in the yard .
A little girl in a puffy purple skirt dances in a park .
A young girl twirls her fluffy purple skirt .
Little girl is spinning around on the grass in a flowing purple skirt .
The little girl has a purple dress on .
A black dog is standing with his legs spread wide apart on some sand.
A dog plays on a beach .
A dog plays on the beach .
An aggressive dog .
The black and brown dog is standing with its legs apart on the beach .
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings .
A boy pushes another boy on a swing set .
A child pushes another that is sitting in a swing near playground equipment .
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing .
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground .
A man with no shirt and wearing sunglasses is holding a football .
A man with no shirt on is holding a football .
A shirtless man catches a football.
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn .
a young topless man wearing sunglasses and shorts is holding a football .
A black and white dog is bounding down white steps .
A black and white dog is running down some white steps .
A small dog jumping some hurdles .
A tri-colored dog is jumping over obstacles .
Dog sits on hurdles .
A man in black shorts is stretching out his leg .
A man practicing a high kick on the cement near the grass .
A young , fit man wearing short does a high right kick in the air .
A young man practices a martial art kicking skill in front of his home in the early morning .
A young man wearing shorts and no shirt is high kicking as water flies from his clothing .
A couple in black clothes are walking towards a white gate .
A man and a woman dressed in black walk towards a gate near a wooded area .
A man and a woman walk away with their arms around each other .
Man and woman wearing black walk with arms around each other .
Two people dressed in black are leaving .
A baby is in a sandpit playing with a bucket .
A baby playing in the dirt with a bucket and shovel .
A blonde baby playing in the sand .
A toddler in a diaper is playing in a sandbox near a shovel and other sand toys .
The cute baby in a diaper and shirt plays in the dirt .
A clown in an orange shirt entertains a crowd .
A girl in a orange shirt and a stripe tie.
A girl in orange shirt and clown makeup stands in a park while others look on .
The woman dressed as a clown is performing outside for others .
The young lady appears to be a mime among her peers .
A fat guy in pink , drinking beer .
A large person in shorts and a white shirt sitting at a table .
An overweight person drinking .
A person sits at a table outside drinking beer .
A person wearing a white tank top sits at a table with a beer .
A female in blue jean shorts and a black top sitting in a wicker chair .
A girl with a newspaper in a cafe .
A happy woman wearing a black tank top is sitting in a wicker chair .
A woman in a black shirt is sitting on her feet in a wooden chair .
A woman sitting in a chair and smiling at the camera .
a small dog jumps over a jump .
A small white dog is jumping over a green and red obstacle bar .
A white dog runs through an obstacle course .
The white dog is jumping over hurdles .
the white dog is leaping over a red and green fence on an obstacle course .
A gray-haired , shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavendar umbrella on the side of a street .
A man leaning against a wall with an umbrella .
A woman that appears to be homeless sits on a Winnie the Pooh table cover on the side of a street .
The man is sitting outside on the street under a purple umbrella .
The person is sitting on a Winnie the pooh sheet and holding a purple umbrella .
A boy on a bicycle rides the ledge of water fountain while another boy is in the fountain .
A man on a bike tries to do a trick on the railing of an outdoor fountain .
a man wearing a blue shirt and hat jumping on one wheel on a fountain ledge.
A young man on a bike balances one wheel on the edge of a fountain in a city park .
The guy on his bike does a jump near a water fountain .
A man in sunglasses gets ready to pull a chair out to sit down for his meal .
A man wearing sunglasses stands by a table at a cafe .
Man about to pull out chair and sit down at a restaurant .
Man at eatery getting ready to sit down .
The large man grabs a seat at a restaurant .
A female with glasses , a brown shirt , and a backpack .
A happy bespectacled young white girl in a brown t-shirt and a backpack.
A woman wearing a brown shirt and glasses smiles for the camera .
There is a young girl with glasses and disheveled hair with a green backpack .
Young lady with brown shirt , glasses , and a backpack .
a family crossing a bridge.
Dog and women with baby strollers crossing a bridge in rural area .
People with strollers walking on a bridge .
The couple pushed the strollers across the wood bridge and the dogs followed .
Two mothers are pushing baby strollers as the dogs run down .
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow .
Two little white dogs are playing outside in the snow .
Two white dogs are running alongside one another in snowy grass .
Two white dogs running in the snow .
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow .
A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone .
A woman in a black shirt walking down the street.
A woman wearing a black shirt walks among a crowd in a city .
Brunette woman in black walking through blurred crowd .
Lady walking and squinting from the sun in a large group of people .
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool .
A dog is hosed as it jumps into a kiddie pool .
A terrier is sprayed by a hose while jumping in a pool .
A white dog with black patches runs jumps through a spray from a hose into a blue plastic wading pool .
While one white dog is outside the pool , another white dog with a black spot on its back is jumping into a plastic swimming pool while getting sprayed by a garden hose .
Acrobatic entertainers with no shirts perform for spectators .
a midget jumps over another midget .
Two men in bowler hats and Union Jack underwear perform acrobatics .
Two men scantily clad performing acrobatic moves in front of a crowd.
Two men wearing red and blue trunks and bowler hats are performing in a crowded street .
A girl and young boy are jumping on a trampoline in a suburban yard .
A girl is jumping on a trampoline with her arms in the air , while a boy in a blue shirt is bouncing on his stomach .
A teenager girl jumps high on a trampoline and a toddler falls on his stomach .
A toddler and a teenage girl jumping on a trampoline .
Two children jump on a trampoline .
A girl with Indian clothing on and henna on her hand goes through paperwork .
A woman wearing jewelry holds a piece of paper and looks down .
A woman wears a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry .
The lady in the multi-colored shirt has a necklace on a white object in her hand .
The woman with a henna tattoo holds a piece of paper in her left hand .
a girl wearing a short skirt looking at a rack of magazines on the sidewalk .
A woman in a jeans skirt and t-shirt looking at a magazine display on the street .
The woman is browsing the magazine stand .
The woman stands looking at rows of magazines .
Woman with black t-shirt and denim skirt looks at magazines on display .
A monk in a red shawl looks at the camera.
A monk walks down a city street .
A older man in a orange wrap looks into the camera on the sidewalk of a city .
Older Asian man , wearing orange robes in urban area .
Old monk in orange with tattoos on his chest standing on a city street .
little girls in swimsuits are laughing.
A girl in a yellow bathing suit laughs and points at a girl in an orange suit while another girls looks on .
Girl in bathing suit pointing and laughing at child in orange bathing bottoms while another girl looks on.
The girl in yellow is laughing at the girl wearing orange whilst being watched by the girl in blue .
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building .
a girl wearing a bright pink top is spinning a colorful ribbon around her body .
A little girl in a pink shirt and a jean skirt is playing with a ribbon wand outside .
The girl in the pink shirt is twirling a ribbon .
The girl is twirling long , colorful streamers .
Young girl playing with streamers .
A young boy plays in the water fountain .
a young boy running through a water fountain.
Two boys are playing in a sprinkler .
Two boys play in a park fountain .
Two children run through a sprinkler .
a boy in an inflatable pool is being splashed with water .
A little boy is splashing in an inflatable pool .
A little boy splashing in a blue inflatable pool .
A small child is being splashed by water from an inflatable pool .
The boy splashed the water .
A baby with a pacifier saying I love you in sign language .
A little boy has a pacifier in his mouth and throwing up a sign with his hand .
A little boy is standing in front of an old fashioned fence with his hand up in the air .
A little boy wearing a brown t-shirt is sucking on a pacifier with his hand in the air .
A small child is giving heavy metal signs.
Four boys mug for the camera in front of a brick wall .
Four boys pose for the camera .
Four boys posing for a picture with pumped fists.
Four boys stand together with their arms bended to show their strength .
Four young boys flexing for the camera .
A white dog coming out of a blue tunnel .
A white dog runs out of a long blue tube outside .
A white dog runs through a large blue tube .
The small white dog is coming out of a blue tunnel .
The white dog emerges from the tunnel on the course .
A black dog lays next to a ball .
A black dog sitting in brown grass with a colorful ball .
A brown and black dog laying next to a colourful ball .
A doberman mix takes a break in the hay from playing with his ball .
The dog rests after playing catch .
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool .
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool .
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool .
A child with a water noodle .
A little boy wearing blue shorts is holding a yellow noodle over a pool .
a boy and girl riding a roller coaster.
Children on a ride at an amusement park .
The children are smiling whist sitting on a fairground ride .
Two children swing around on a carnival ride .
two little kids having fun at a roller coaster.
A group of hip young people walk down the street in a residential neighborhood .
four goth looking people walking down a street with trees in the background.
Four people dressed in black clothing stand together outside .
Four teenagers in Gothic clothes are walking in a neighborhood .
Two girls and two guys walking down the street .
An athlete performs the high jump .
A woman athlete launching herself over the bar during a pole vault .
A woman is black is pole vaulting .
A woman pole vaulter upside down as she attempts the vault .
a woman with her feet in the air about to do pole vaulting.
A man and two children in a boat on the water .
A man and two children in life jackets in a boat on a lake .
A man paddling a rowboat , with two children in back .
Man and two kids on a boat on the lake .
Two children wearing life jackets face an older male while he paddles the canoe they are sitting in .
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella .
a group of people are sitting under a sunshade in a grassy woodland clearing .
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella .
A group of young adult women in bikinis sit in a field of wild grass and flowers , some under a striped umbrella .
A group of young woman sunbathing is meadow .
Two females in skirts walking on the sidewalk .
Two woman with white purses walk down the city street .
Two women in skirts walk down a city street .
Two women walking on the sidewalk .
Two women wearing skirts and heels walking down a sidewalk .
A woman in a black dress crouching in front of a brick wall talking on a cellphone .
A woman in all black crouches against a wall while making a phone call .
A woman on the phone next to a brick wall .
The woman crouches against a brick wall , speaking on her cellphone .
Woman talking on pink cellphone in front of a brick wall .
A man in sunglasses is writing on a pad with his bike leaned up against him .
A man is sitting outside writing something on a pad of paper .
A man next to a plastic crate and a bicycle , writes on a board .
A man whose clothes are covered in paint is writing something down while sitting outside in a busy area .
A man writes a note while sitting next to a crate and a bike .
A bearded man with a Mohawk and skull bandanna .
A man with a hankerchief on his next and pierced ears looks off into the distance .
a man with a pierced ear is wearing a black shirt .
A man with a pompadour haircut and beard wearing a bandanna around his neck .
The man has a black and white scarf around his neck .
A couple are holding hands next to a very large mirror outdoors .
A couple stands in the street with their backs to a large mirror .
a girl wearing a red shirt holding the hand of a man near a street .
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses is holding hands with a woman wearing a red shirt outside .
A woman in a red shirt and a man in white stand in front of a mirror .
A black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
A dog jumping over high jump poles at show .
A dog jumps over an obstacle outside .
A small dog jumps over a striped gate .
A small dog leaps a barrier .
A dog completing a fitness excercise.
A dog is performing act at dog show .
A hairy dog tries to follow its owner around an obstacle course .
A shaggy , brown dog is doing an obstacle .
Dog passes through obstacles .
A girl stands on a surfboard which a man is standing behind and holding .
a little girl learns to surf with an instructor .
A man helps a girl get up on a turquoise surfboard .
A young girl riding a surfboard .
Two people on a surfboard in the water.
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in its mouth .
A dog with its mouth open is walking on a path on a garden which is next to a lake or a stream .
A pitbull is returning a stick during a game of fetch .
a pitbull playing with a stick.
Brown dog running through a field with a stick in its mouth .
A bird is splashing in the water next to the swimming dog wearing the blue collar .
a dog chases a bird in the water .
A dog swims in a body of water while , slightly ahead , a black duck takes flight .
Dog and bird together in water .
The retriever is swimming out to the goose who is about to get away .
A group of people are ice skating in a big city .
An ice skating park in winter , with many people .
An outdoor ice skating rink full of people .
People skate in an urban outdoor ice skating rink.
People using an outdoor ice skating rink .
A man is skating on a rail .
A person wearing Rollerblades slides along a handrail .
A rollerblader grinding a rail and grabbing one foot .
A rollerblader grinds across a rail .
Boy in black shirt on one foot standing on metal rail above green grass on right and black pavement on left .
A dirty tan dog rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera .
A dog lies on the ground .
A dog rolls on the ground .
Dog with black collar rolling in dirt and dried leaves.
The brown dog is rolling around in the dirt .
A man and woman , on a park trail , pose in front of a lake and distant mountain .
A man and woman posing for a picture on a mountain hike .
A man holds his arms open wide while standing with a woman .
A man without a shirt poses with his arms spread next to a woman .
A shirtless man poses with a girl hiking in a park .
A man in jeans is standing in front of a reception desk .
A man wearing a shirt that says " Gigolo " is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera .
A man wearing a t-shirt that says " Gigolo " stands at the counter talking to someone .
A young man in a " GIGOLO " shirt at a reception desk .
Man wearing Gigolo shirt gets assistance at front desk .
A girl enjoys the swimming pool .
A young girl in an orange bathing suit is about to splash into a pool .
A young girl in a red bathing suit is swimming in a pool .
Girl in orange suit swims in pool .
The girl is swimming in the pool .
A black and white dog is running through shallow water .
A black and white dog runs through the water .
Black and white dog running through water .
The black and white dog is running through the water .
This dog is running through water on a beach .
A man in a black and white jersey is leaping to get a ball from a player in a blue and yellow jersey .
People playing a sport with a referee looking on .
The men are jumping in the air .
Three rugby players trying to catch the ball.
Two men are jumping into the air to catch the football .
five men play football .
Five young men playing rugby .
The player wearing the black and white jersey jumps for the ball amidst two players from the other team as his two teammates run to help him .
The three men leaped in the air in an effort to grab the ball .
Three rugby players all trying to catch a ball .
A loan runner participates in a race in the rain .
A woman in a red vest jogs down the street in a heavy rain .
A woman runner in red is getting drenched in the rain .
A woman wearing a red vest runs a race through the rain .
Woman jogging in the rain .
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel .
two adults sit on a bench .
Two guys sit by some flowers and water .
Two people on a bench .
Two people sit on a bench at a park .
A bare chested man with a Mohawk , beard and glasses .
A large man with a Mohawk and two nipple rings .
An older man with his nipples peirced stands shirtless .
A tanned man with dark glasses on , punk style hair and tattoos on arms and chest .
The man with a shaved head and nipple piercings is wearing sunglasses .
A boy wearing a red t-shirt is running through woodland .
A child runs near some trees .
A young boy is dancing around .
A young boy with a red short sleeved shirt and jeans runs by some trees .
The little boy in the red shirt stops to smile for the camera .
A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open .
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass .
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard .
A brown and white dog running on grass .
a brown and white pitbull running in the grass with its mouth open .
A black and brown dog is running and splashing in the water .
A black and brown dog walks in the shallows of a large body of water .
A black dog running through water .
A black dog wading through water .
The dog is running in the surf .
A group of soccer players after a ball .
A soccer game between the red team and the blue team .
A soccer game is in progress .
Soccer game with teams in red and blue .
two teams of soccer players playing a game on a field.
A guy skateboarding on a basketball court.
A man jumps in the air while performing a stunt on his skateboard .
a skateboarder ollies .
Man with beard doing skateboarding stunt.
The guy in gray pants is completing a jump on his skateboard .
A black dog is drinking next to a brown and white dog that is looking at an orange ball in the lake , whilst a horse and rider passes behind .
A brown and white dog and a black dog near water with a man on horseback in the background.
Dogs in the water with a basketball and a person on horseback .
Two dogs are playing near water next to a deflated basketball .
Two dogs stand on sand surrounded by water , a deflated basketball and a person on a horse .
A black dog is biting onto a soccer ball on the dirt ground .
A black dog walking in dirt has a soccer ball in his mouth .
A small dog with a soccer ball in its mouth walking on a dirt covered area .
Black dog holding an old soccer ball in its mouth.
The black dog is walking through the dirt with a soccer ball in its mouth .
A boy plays in the ocean with a boogie board .
An excited boy playing in the surf with a body board .
A smiling young boy wearing a bathing suit is holding a surfboard and laying down in the ocean water .
A young boy holds his boogie board in shallow ocean water .
A young boy with a blue body board .
A boy is wading through water .
A boy up to his knees in water .
a boy wearing white shorts , walks through the water .
A young boy with white swim trunks walks out of the water .
The boy is wading through the blue ocean .
A band is playing music underneath a white canopy .
A band performs at on an outdoor stage .
A band performs onstage .
Band performs at outdoor event .
People gather to hear musicians play various instruments upon a stage .
A beagle is climbing through some grey stairs .
A dog attempts to squeeze between two gray steps .
A dog sticking his head out from under some grey stairs .
Dog crawling in between steps from behind the steps.
Dog hiding under the stairs .
Two brown and white dogs play roughly in a clearing of a wooded area .
Two brown dogs fight on the leafy ground .
Two brown dogs playing in a rough manner .
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting .
Two dogs are biting each other in the woods .
A run way model removes a tan coat to show off a fancy dress .
A woman taking off a large cloak revealing a extravagant dress.
a woman wearing a black , red , white and pink dress.
A woman wearing a red and white gown holds a long scarf behind her .
Woman in black , red and white dress waving a gold cape.
Little boy skating in roller rink , two little girls in background .
Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink .
Three children on skates in an arena two girls and one boy , boy is wearing orange wheeled skates .
three young people skating in a skating rink.
Two girls and a boy rollerskating .
A brown and white dog is playing in a pool with a man .
A man and a dog are in a pool together .
A man and dog are splashing in a swimming pool .
A man is standing in the pool behind the dog that is swimming .
a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man .
A black dog follows a group of sheep walking in a field of grass .
a black sheepdog is guiding sheep along a grassy path .
A dog chasing sheep down a county road.
A sheepdog is herding sheep down a grassy path .
Black dog following a herd of sheep down a grassy lane .
A girl is shaking the water out of her hair .
A girl swings her long , wet hair in a lake .
A girl whipping water from her hair in a lake.
A woman in a river is shaking her hair causing a water to spray everywhere .
A woman splashes in the water .
A black and white dog in a blue harness running through a grassy field .
A black and white dog runs through grass .
A black and white dog with a blue collar walks through the grass .
A black and white dog with a blue halter runs through the grass .
A black dog with a blue collar runs through the green grass .
Four boys hold toy guns while under a pavillion .
Three boys on a platform in the forest .
Three boys play with toy guns .
Three children are shooting guns in the woods .
Three children play in an outside wood structure .
A few men sit outside of an area with an open gate eat their lunches .
A group of people sit on the ground , backs to a wall , outside a gated compound .
Several men sit outside a building .
Three men are sitting near an orange building with blue trim .
Three men sitting behind a building .
An older girl and a younger girl playing barefoot in a puddle.
Two girls are standing in shallow water without shoes .
Two girls in denim shorts stand in a puddle of water .
Two girls stand in a puddle on a sidewalk .
Two girls walking on a wet sidewalk.
A child and floor covered in white powder .
A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
A young child covered with white powder .
A beige dog runs through the tall grass with a tree in the background .
A big tan dog runs on a field filled with grass and weeds .
A dog is running through tall grass .
A dog running through tall grass .
A dog with blond hair and floppy ears running in a field .
A dog with a blue ball running in a field .
a small tan dog running on the grass with a ball in his mouth.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth .
small dog running in the grass with a toy in its mouth.
The dog is running with a colorful ball .
A group of men in an art gallery .
A man sits in front of a wall with art pictures on it .
Group of men sitting and standing in an art gallery .
People are hanging out in an art gallery .
some people are sitting and others are standing next to a false wall in an art gallery .
Two boys wearing brown shirts tug at a rope on a wooden platform .
Two boys with red hair and glasses stand on a table and fight .
Two redheaded boys in brown shirts stand on a table and are fighting with sticks .
Two redheaded boys with glasses stand on bench , play swordfight with sticks .
Two twin pre-teen boys dueling with sticks.
A brown butterfly perched on a girl 's hand.
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand .
A girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger .
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand .
A girl in a yellow , blue and green tie dyed hat has a strange looking critter on her hand .
A little grey dog is jumping over a fence .
A little grey dog jumps over a small hurdle .
A little grey dog jumps over a bar at an agility test .
A small dog jumping an obstacle in a grassy field .
A small dog jumping over an obstacle .
a lone man climbing high on a snowy mountain .
A man is standing on top of a glacier .
A man standing on a mountainside in snow .
A mountain climber posing in the snow .
A person walking up a snow covered mountain on a bright day .
A man on horseback on a grassy field in front of mountains .
A person on a brown horse in a prairie in front of tall mountains .
A person riding a horse with a mountain range in the far background .
A rider on a horse in front of a mountain range.
Distant horse rider on plain in the middle of brown mountains .
A group of bicyclists in a race .
A group of people in a bicycle race .
A group of people ride bicycles around a curve on a racetrack .
Group of cyclists in riding gear with helmets .
Men race on bicycles on track .
A girl in all blue slides down a green slide .
A kid is sliding down a green slide .
Little girl with pigtails sliding down a green slide .
The young girl enjoys the slide .
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide .
two brown dogs one with a stick in its mouth.
Two dogs are running side by side through long grass .
Two large black and brown dogs run through the tall grass .
Two large dogs bound through a field .
Two tall black dogs run through tall grass .
A blonde woman wearing a hat .
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag .
A woman wears a black hat with an american flag on it and looks at the camera scarily .
The blonde woman is wearing a black , american flag , tartan cap .
The woman is wearing a black hat with an American flag on it .
A girl in a blue swimsuit walks into the ocean .
A woman running into surf .
A woman walking into the waves .
Girl is wading through the gray ocean .
woman in blue bathing suit going into the water.
A dog catches a Frisbee at a baseball field during a game .
A dog jumps in the air to catch a Frisbee , while many people watch .
A person in shorts is holding a Frisbee while team member in red shirts and spectators look on .
A woman is using Frisbees to play with a dog in front of a stadium crowd and a group of baseball players .
Woman and dog do Frisbee tricks as crowd watches in baseball stadium .
A male wearing a blue shirt is holding a cup in hand while staring at the camera .
A man in a short Mohawk and beard .
A man with a Mohawk and a shirt saying " -ependent " faces the camera.
A man with a Mohawk is holding a cup .
A man with a Mohawk smiles at the camera .
A group of dogs walk around outdoors .
Several dogs are running down a cement and dirt path , with two brown ones in the lead .
Several dogs are running outside , with two vehicles in the background .
Several dogs are running through the dirt .
Two puppies jump from a concrete slab onto the grass .
Snow dogs howling .
These dogs appear to be howling , outdoors in the snow .
Three barking , howling dogs.
Three dogs standing in the snow with two of the dogs with open mouths .
two husky dogs are howling together.
A brown dog in midair with a Frisbee in his mouth .
A brown dog is catching a Frisbee in midair .
A brown dog jumped into the air and caught a Frisbee .
A large brown and black dog jumps in the air holding a white Frisbee in its mouth .
The dog leaps to catch the Frisbee .
A man is squirting water into a white dog 's mouth with a squirt gun .
A man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog .
A young man squirts water from a water gun into a dog 's mouth .
Man squirts water gun in dogs mouth.
The young man with the water gun is shooting water into the white dogs mouth .
A black and white dog leaping through the air as two people watch in the background .
A dog 's speed is measured by a man while the dog runs .
A small white and black dog is running through a blue netted course while people watch .
A wet dog flies through the air while an amazed woman and boy look on .
two children watch as a dog runs through a blue fenced course towards a person holding a scanner and microphone .
A chubby Asian boy is wearing glasses .
A chubby looking boy with a Mohawk and glasses staring at the camera with a plain look .
A serious looking boy with glasses and a blue shirt poses .
Child with black glasses and a blue polo shirt .
There is a child with glasses and tan skin staring at the camera .
A girl basketball player wearing blue is blocking another girl player wearing yellow .
A group of people gather on a basketball court as one person jumps for the ball .
Basketball players jumping up for the ball during a game .
Girls are playing basketball .
two teams of players playing basketball on a court outside .
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean .
A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean .
A man stands atop a rocky cliff over the water .
Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean .
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean .
Three people scuba dive under the sea .
Two individuals underwater scuba diving .
Two people are scuba diving in blue water with lots of bubbles .
Two people are scuba diving in the blue ocean .
Two scuba divers are diving underwater .
A man in cold-weather gear holding a large camera .
A man wearing a black coat and red hat holds a camera .
A man with a camera .
A man with a lot of camera gear stands in front of a mountain scene .
A photographer is standing on a mountain with gear in hand .
A car splashes through mud and leaves on the forest floor .
A four wheel drive car is splashing through puddles on an off road trail .
A large van drives down a counry road in the fall .
Large SUV driving through a large puddle in the forest .
SUV splashing muddy water in a forest .
A boy does a skateboard trick off a metal plank .
a guy with no shirt on is skateboarding .
A young man jumps in the air on a skateboard .
Skateboarder on a rail .
Skater does a trick on a rail .
A blonde woman in black jeans is sitting on a wall examining her nails .
A woman in black jeans sits on the railing of a bridge with a harbor in the background .
A young woman sitting on a ledge with a black purse looking at her finger nails .
girl sitting on wall looking at her nails.
The girl has a black purse and is sitting on the side of a ledge .
An Asian girl wearing a very colorful dress is carrying a plastic cup .
An asian woman drinking from a plastic mug .
A woman in a multi-colored dress is holding a plastic cup while gesturing with the other hand .
A young woman wearing a dress makes an awkward hand sign .
The woman is holding a mug , and has sunglasses on the top of her head .
children playing around a streetpole.
four children are dancing around a pole in a city street .
Four children playing around a pole .
Four children running around a pole with red and white strips on top .
Little kids play a game of running around a pole .
A black and white dog is playing with a ball that has a tear in it .
A black and white dog playing with a broken volleyball.
A black and white dog playing with a white ball in a sparse brown field .
A black and white dog plays with a tattered volleyball in a brown field .
Dog playing with ball in dried up field.
A little white dog running through the sand .
A West Highland Terrier runs across the dirt .
A white dog running on sand .
A white dog runs on the beach .
A white dog runs on the sand .
a large man dozes off on the bus .
A man with a black shirt that says " Genetic Freak " is sleeping on a bus .
Man wearing hat and t-shirt with " Genetic Freak " sleeping on public transportation .
The heavy man is sitting on a bus and sleeping .
Three people , one wearing a t-shirt and baseball cap , are seated on a bus .
Two bulldogs playing on the floor .
Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other .
Two dogs are playing together on white carpet near a couch .
Two dogs playing on carpet .
two dogs wrestle .
dogs playing.
A brown dog is biting a white and tan dog on the snout .
The brown dog has a hold of the other dogs cheek with its teeth .
Two dogs are nuzzling each other nose to nose .
Two dogs bite at each other on the carpet .
A boy jumping over some water .
A boy wearing swimming trunks jumps over some sprinkler water in a backyard .
A little boy in glasses jumps into a spray of water .
a young boy jumping through a mist of water .
Young boy with glasses playing in the sprinkler .
A group of women walk down a street at night .
Three women out for the evening in a big city .
Two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street .
Two women walk down a city street at night .
Women are walking at night under neon lights .
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses .
A man wearing reflective sunglasses in a crowd .
A man wearing reflective sunglasses offers a big smile showing all his teeth !.
A man with a shaved head and sunglasses smiles broadly .
Smiling man with reflective classes .
A boy is trying to blow a huge bubble using a giant metal ring .
A man blowing a large bubble .
a red haired boy wearing glasses blowing a huge bubble.
The boy wearing a blue shirt is blowing a huge bubble .
Young man in blue shirt peering through a large bubble .
A girl jumps from an orange raft into a lake .
a girl jumps off of a raft .
Girl jumping into water from a raft .
Girl jumping off a raft into a lake .
The young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake .
A man carrying a bag passes by two telephone booths .
A man carrying an orange bag walks past two British style telephone boxes .
A man walks by a red telephone booth that says , " ring ring " .
A man walks by red telephone booths .
An older man with a shopping bag walks by two red telephone booths .
A collie jumps over a hurdle .
A dog in a competition jumps over a hurdle .
A dog jumping over a hurdle .
A dog jumps over a barrier .
A furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead .
A boy with a Mohawk and sunglasses .
A child with a Mohawk is wearing dark sunglasses .
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up .
The head of a child with dark glasses is in focus .
A man and a woman in white shirts and dark glasses smiling .
A man and woman wearing sunglasses and white t-shirts smile for the camera .
A woman and a man are standing in front of bushes wearing sunglasses .
Man and woman wearing sunglasses posing for picture .
The man and the woman pose for a picture by some bushes .
The two boys play in the field .
Two boys and a cart .
Two boys happily pull cart .
Two boys pulling a wagon .
Two smiling boys walk in a grassy field with a small trailer behind them .
A brown and white dog relaxes on a carpet in sunlight .
A brown dog resting on a red , white , and blue afghan rug .
A German short-haired pointer rests on a rug by a sunny window .
A small brown and white dog lines on a red area rug in a patch of sunlight .
Window shades cast light and shadow on a dog lying on a colorful carpet .
The black dogs try to wrestle the dog away from each other .
There are two blog dogs playing tug-o-war outside .
Two black dogs playing tug-of-war .
Two dogs playfully fight over a ball outside .
Two large , black dogs are playing with a collapsed ball .
A boy in a blue bathing suit jumps with his arms in the air in a backyard setting .
A little boy is jumping into the kiddie pool in the backyard .
A little boy is leaping in the air onto a water slide .
A young boy plays outside on a sunny day on his slip and slide .
The boy in the swimming trunks is playing in the yard .
A child in a bathing suit plays in a sprinkler .
A child plays in backyard sprinklers .
A child seen from the waist down in a bathing suit standing on a slip and slide with jets of water shooting up.
A kid standing in a sprinkler .
Child standing on yellow sprinkler mat with water spraying .
A dog runs uphill towards the camera in near a fenced area .
A large , white dog running up a hill with a person walking away in the back .
A white dog runs towards the camera as a man walks away .
Beige dog running toward camera on brown ground and a man in the background moving away from camera .
While the man walks along the fence , a dog is running towards the tree .
A group of bulls are running down a street as people run and others watch .
Cows and people running down street.
Hundreds of people watch as people partake in the bull-run .
The bulls are chasing the runners .
The bulls are coming down the street with people to the right of them and a building behind them .
a brunette girl wearing sunglasses and a yellow shirt.
A girl in sunglasses smiles .
A girl wearing a yellow shirt and sunglasses smiles .
a girl wearing sunglasses smiles for the camera .
A woman with a yellow shirt wears sunglasses and smiles .
A guy doing tricks on a motorcycle .
a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie .
A person in a specialized suit rides a motorcycle .
Motorcyclist performing while two men watch .
The rider is driving their motorcycle .
A man in a black and white uniform stands on a motorbike doing a stunt .
A motorcycle rider stands on top of his bike .
A motorcycle rider starts to sand up on the seat of his white motorcycle .
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and putting their feet on the seat .
This person is doing a stunt on a motorcycle .
A black dog with a ribbon on is standing in front of some other award ribbons .
A brown dog has a blue and white ribbon pinned to him , and teal and yellow ribbons behind him .
A brown dog poses with ribbons .
A dog wearing a blue ribbon sits in front of a fireplace that displays more ribbons .
a small brown dog standing in front of a fireplace surrounded by awards .
A little girl laughs while playing in a play house .
A little girl with ponytails laughs near a plastic castle play set .
a small girl playing in a little tikes' playground set .
A smiling little blonde girl holds stands in a play structure and holds a green toy .
A young girl smiling in a plastic play structure .
A man in short shorts is posing on a large rock .
A man sits on a rock cliff with trees in the background .
A man sitting on a huge rock to pose for a picture .
A man sitting on a rock near trees .
Man in shorts in sitting up on a rock posing for the camera .
A lady holds a beverage .
An attractive brunette woman smiles and holds a beverage in front of her .
A woman holding a drink and smiling .
A woman holds a drink and smiles .
This woman is wearing a white t-shirt and holding a cup .
a man in a white shirt is climbing a wall while another man watches.
A man looks up at the camera as he climbs a rock and others look on .
A man scales a steep rock face as people look on from below .
A man with a bandage on his finger is rock climbing as others watch .
The man with the two small bandages on his middle finger is climbing a rock .
A big dog chases a little dog on the grass .
A black dog is chasing a smaller brown dog over grass .
The large brown dog is chasing after the little brown dog .
Two brown dogs run through the grass together .
two dogs play in the grass .
A group of girls on a beach .
There are three women with cameras talking on the beach .
Three people standing on a beach talking with cameras.
Three woman stand on a beach below with their shadows long behind them .
Three women on the beach .
Two blonde women are wearing white I love beer shirts .
Two blond haired women wear matching clothing and love beer .
Two blond women in " I love beer " shirts walk outside .
Two woman wearing similar shirts walk to the left .
Two women wear shirts depicting how much they like beer.
A brown dog and a black dog are playing tug of war with a toy .
A large brown dog is playing tug-of-war with a large black dog .
The brown dog and the black dog with green harnesses are in the sand .
Two brown dogs with green harnesses play tug of war .
Two dogs play with a toy .
A girl in a bathing suit plays on the surf .
A girl in a bikini running out of the surf .
A girl is in the surf .
A young girl wearing a blue bathing suit plays in the waves at the beach .
This girl , dressed in a bikini , is leaving the water .
A blonde-haired girl wears a tank-top that says " Thank You " and sports a large tattoo .
A blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .
A blond woman with a tattoo on her arm stands near a wall .
Girl in black t-shirt looks on.
The woman in the tank top has a tattoo on her arm .
The two children are on an amusement park ride .
The young boy in the orange shirt is sticking his tongue out while riding a ride .
Two boys enjoy a ride at an amusement park .
Two little boys playing a game , one with his mouth wide open .
Two little boys ride in a fairground ride .
A group of girls are smiling while posing for a picture .
A group of smiling women .
A group of women hugging each other.
A group of women pose for a picture as a man plays guitar behind them .
Many women sitting happily together smiling at the camera .
A dog catching a biscuit in its mouth .
A white dog catching a milkbone in his mouth.
A white dog catching a treat in his mouth .
A white dog is jumping for a treat.
A white dog , with a black collar , opens its mouth wide while in front of a white building .
A mature woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket .
An elderly lady in sunglasses and a denim jacket .
an elderly woman wearing a denim jacket and sunglasses is posing for a picture in front of a green bush .
An older woman with gray hair wears sunglasses , a necklace , earrings , and blue shirt and jacket .
An old woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket smiles for the camera .
A boy hangs upside down from a metal bar .
A boy in a blue shirt is jumping backwards over a horizontal pool .
A child hanging upside down from a metal bar outside .
A young boy swinging upside down from a bar .
The child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole .
A black and a brown dog running in the grass .
A black dog and a brown dog are running towards camera .
Two dogs are chasing each other on green grass .
Two dogs run around in a field playing .
Two dogs running .
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore .
Two boys are playing with two dogs on the beach .
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore .
Two boys play with two dogs next to the ocean .
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach .
Three people are talking in front of an airport.
three people standing near each other wearing coats with other people in the background.
Three people talking on a city street .
Three young adults talk in a crowd of people , the woman looks upset .
Young people chat outside near a buzy street ,.
A girl with a blue Mohawk is walking .
A woman with a blue Mohawk holds a child 's hand while waiting to cross the street .
A woman with a blue Mohawk holding the hand of a little boy with a green striped shirt on a street corner .
A woman with a blue Mohawk is walking with a small child .
A young woman with a blue Mohawk looks to the right while holding a toddler 's hand who is looking to the left .
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide .
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide.
A little girl lands at the bottom of a slide .
A young girl reaches the bottom of a slide .
a young girl sliding down a tan plastic slide.
Three boys leaping into a swimming pool .
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool .
Three Little boys hold hands and jump into a pool together .
Three young boys hold hands as they jump into the blue pool .
Three young boys in blue swimming trunks hold hands and jump into an inground pool .
A black and white dog is running in the grass .
A black and white dog running away across the grass .
A black and white shorthair dog runs across brown and green grass .
A dog sprints across a grassy field .
The brown and white dog is running through a field .
A boy held by a man points his arm towards the sky , as another boy peers through his hands into the air .
A boy in a blue and white shirt is pointing up and a second boy in a white shirt shields his eyes .
a man holding a young boy on his shoulder .
One child is pointing to the sky and another is trying to block the sun to look.
One man looks into the distance next to another who has his hand in the air .
A football player in a full stadium jumping and recieving a football .
The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .
Two football players playing football before a huge crowd .
Two football players run into each other .
Two men vie for a football .
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence .
A girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence .
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence .
A girl in a red sundress rides a bike past a white picket fence .
A girl wearing pink rides a yellow bike near a white fence .
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field .
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large , fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow .
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area .
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field .
A young boy climbing a tree in grassy hills .
A woman and child with an umbrella walk through the street in the pouring rain .
a woman in a colorful sari walks with a small boy who is carrying an umbrella through a busy city in the pouring rain .
A woman in a sari next to a boy holding a red umbrella in a rainy street.
A woman walking in the rain with a child .
The lady and child walk to school in the rain .
A baseball player , a woman with Frisbees , and a dog in front of blue bleachers .
A blonde haired girl is doing a trick with her dog that is in the air trying to catch a flying Frisbee .
A dog jumping for a Frisbee while a woman crouches nearby .
A woman thows a Frisbee to a dog as a baseball player in uniform runs behind her .
The girl does freestyle Frisbee tricks with her dog at the baseball park .
A brown and white dog stands on his hind leg and barks .
A brown dog on his hind legs in the shadow of some trees .
A dog jumps in the woods .
A dog stands on its hind legs in a wooded area while another dog watches .
A white dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball in the woods .
a black dog enjoys and ice cream cone .
A black dog has an ice cream cone in its mouth .
Black dog sitting while eating with neon yellow band around shoulders .
The black dog is wearing a lime green collar .
The furry black dog is wearing a neon yellow collar .
A boy looks suspiciously at someone nearby .
A group of people sit on pavement wearing dark shoes and warm clothes .
A row of legs and black boots with a boy sitting at the end of the row .
A row of people sitting on the ground wearing matching heeled boots .
The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk .
A child gets squirted while squirting a water gun .
A child with a squirt gun .
A child with a water gun being sprayed with water .
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water .
There is a kid spraying a water gun .
A tan dog and larger white dog run along the grass .
Two big dogs , brown and tan , are running in grass .
Two dogs running on grass.
Two golden retreiver dogs are running on the grass .
Two large dogs running in some grass .
A baseball player is tagged out sliding into second base .
A baseball player slides toward a base .
a man in a grey uniform sliding into a base.
Three men playing baseball .
two fielder are defending the base as a member of the batting team slide towards it .
The girls are taking a picture of themselves .
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves .
Two blonde women are smiling while one is holding a camera to capture their image .
Two girls taking a picture of themselves.
Two young girls are taking a picture of themselves with a camera .
Four children playing basketball .
Four people are playing basketball on a plank deck outdoors .
Four people playing basketball on wooden area near the beach .
Kids playing basketball on a wood deck .
Young children shoot baskets in the field .
A four wheel drive vehicle is driving on a dirt track .
A girl wearing camouflage pants sits on top of a Hummer .
Girl on roof of jeep being driven down road.
In rural outdoors , blond woman sits on roof of yellow BMW vehicle , two people inside .
Two people drive a Jeep while a lady sits on the top of it .
A girl is taking a picture of another girl in a park .
A girl is taking a picture of another girl in a park .
A woman takes a picture of another in purple in a park .
one girl taking a picture of her friend.
Two little girls playing in the parking lot .
A man in sunglasses and a hat is seen among a crowd .
A man wearing an oxford shirt , sunglasses , and a hat smirks .
A man wearing sunglasses and a hat near a crowd .
a man wears sunglasses and a hat .
A young man is wearing a brown hat and sunglasses .
A dog climbing a steep dirt hill .
A dog climbs a hill .
a great Dane climbing a steep hill.
A light brown dog is running up .
A light dog climbing a wall of dirt .
A group of greyhound dogs runs around a dirt track .
Greyhounds race on a sandy track with the dog in green taking the lead .
Race dogs run around a curve .
The horses are racing along the dirt track .
Three muzzled greyhounds race around a turn in a track .
A man racing an orange motorcycle .
A man riding an orange and white motorcycle .
A motorcyclist races around a track .
An orange and white motorcycle is being ridden on a racetrack .
Someone is driving an orange motorbike along pavement .
A girl with blond hair offers a dimpled smile from under her black umbrella .
A lady posing while holding an umbrella .
A young blonde woman in black smiles under her black umbrella .
Blond woman with a black shirt is holding a black umbrella over her head .
The blonde haired woman is holding a black umbrella .
a chubby puppy dog with its tail cut off plays with a bag .
A dog wrestles with a plastic bag .
A small dog is playing with a plastic bag on the sidewalk .
A white dog is playing with a plastic bag .
Small puppy stands on top of plastic bag .
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam .
The dog is jumping over a low yellow bar with other obstacles nearby .
The dog leaps across the yellow board .
The small furry dog is jumping over a low beam .
The terrier is performing a jump in an agility test .
A group of friends posing together in a park .
A group of people posing for a picture on the grass .
A group of people posing for a picture with the sun behind them .
A group of young people pose for a picture in a field.
Young people pose for their picture in the countryside .
A black dog standing in some grass holding a white plastic item in its mouth .
A black dog is carrying a white dog toy through a field of high grass .
A black dog is holding a white object in its teeth .
A black dog with a white toy in his mouth in a field of grass .
A black Labrador retriever in a grassy field returns with a white nubby cylinder in its mouth .
A boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water .
A child is looking through the glass at the child squirting a water hose onto the glass .
A little boy spays a hose at his brother who is on the other side of a window .
One child sprays a water hose at another who is inside behind a glass window .
One little boy is standing inside a house on one side of a window while another boy is outside squirting the window with a hose .
Dogs racing around a curve in the track .
greyhound dogs are running towards camera on a track .
Several horses are running a race on a muddy track .
Two muzzled greyhounds vie for the lead .
Two racing dogs round a turn in a dog track .
A couch sits broken while a man sits a table behind them .
A man in a blue shirt reads a paper behind a broken seat .
A man reads quietly alone in room .
Man in a blue shirt with hand on forehead behind two cushions .
Man looking over paperwork with a broken couch in front .
A boat with people and their belongings is in the water .
A brown boat is packed with goods and people .
A large group of people and possessions packed into a small boat .
A lot of men and motorcycles float on a canoe .
People are riding in a boat with oars .
A cyclist donning blue and white is leading a pack of cyclists .
A large column of bicyclists is cycling down a road .
A pack of bicycle road racers lean through a curve .
A pack of bicyclists taking a turn during a race .
Cyclists competing in a race are coming around a bend in the road .
Four dogs splashing in the water.
Three brown and black dogs are splashing in the water .
Three brown dogs are in the water .
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea .
Three dogs playing in water .
A man and a woman in a brown room posing for the camera .
A man in a striped shirt hugging a blond short-haired woman with a black apron on .
A man in a striped shirt poses with a blond girl in a black apron .
A man is standing next to a woman , with his arm around her waist .
A man with glasses is standing next to a woman with blonde hair .
a dog chasing a Frisbee into the water.
A dog holding a Frisbee walking in the water .
A dog is running through the water with an orange object in its mouth .
a dog playing in the water.
Dog running on water with a Frisbee in its mouth .
An african american woman with 2 young girls .
A woman in a bathing suit poses with two little girls .
A woman in a swimming suit holds her two young daughters .
A woman and two little girls wearing swimsuits .
The woman in the swimming suit is holding up two young girls in swimming suits.
A boy in a tank top skateboarding .
A boy skateboards down the street .
A kid in a striped tank top skateboards down the street.
A man wearing shorts and a tank top riding a skateboard .
a young man skateboarding on a street wearing a black and white striped shirt.
A blond girl standing in a crowd holding a goat on a leash .
A girl holding a sheep by the leash in a busy fair setting.
A girl in a crowd in holding on to a leashed sheep .
A little girl is in a crowd of people holding a rope attached to a sheep .
The young girl is holding a yellow leash attached to a sheep .
A baby boy has spread food all over his arms , face and plate .
A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .
A baby makes a big mess with cake .
A very messy baby eating a cake .
A young boy with blue eyes is covered in blue cake .
Children playing outside in a fountain .
Two boys in underwear play in the water in the city street .
Two little boys play in the water left behind by the sprinklers .
Two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza .
Two young boys play in the water that has collected on the street .
A child leans over a vat .
A child playing with water in a children 's discovery museum .
A child plays in a multi-colored fountain .
A little child playing in water with a hose .
A young child is playing in a water tank with toys .
Boys with their backs against an incoming wave .
Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave .
Four people sitting in the path of a wave .
Four young men are sitting on the beach under a crashing wave .
three boys sitting in sand getting splashed by wave.
A girl is playing on a homemade swing that hangs from a tree over water .
A girl is sitting on a crudely made swing above the water .
A girl is swinging over waves on a rope swing .
A girl swinging from a tree on a rope over crashing waves .
A girl swings on a tree over breaking waves .
A girl in a yellow shirt plays in the water .
A girl wearing a yellow dress is playing in water while others are watching .
A little girl dressed in yellow splashes in a shallow pool .
a little girl in a yellow shirt runs through a fountain in a busy park.
Young girl in wading pool with onlooker in red shirt and backpack standing on the side.
A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a business building .
Skateboarder on the gray steps on a large building.
Skateboarders do tricks on steps outside of building .
Two boys are skateboarding in front of an office building .
Two kids are skateboarding .
a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
The parasailer is skipping across the water .
A dog wearing a muzzle is racing around a corner .
A dog with his eyes bulging out runs in front of another running dog .
There are two greyhounds racing around a dirt track .
The two greyhounds are racing around a corner .
Two horses are neck to neck at a race .
a brown dog chewing at his own tail.
a brown dog is rolling around on the grass .
A dog biting at its own rear .
A dog rolls in the grass .
Dog rolling on the ground .
A black and tan dog plays with a stuffed toy .
A black dog plays with a white and blue colored stuffed animal .
A doberman jumping in the air playing with a toy.
A dog playing with its toy .
Black dog playing with a white and blue toy .
A man and a boy behind the wheel of a car .
A man drives a truck while a child sits on his lap and steers .
A man drives a vehicle with a child on his lap .
Man and little boy driving a large brown SUV .
There is a man with a small boy on his lap sitting in the drivers seat of a jeep .
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street .
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city .
A police officer directs traffic on a city street .
People in the middle of city street surrounded by large buildings .
The man in the purple shirt is walking towards the policeman who is standing on the pedestrian crossing .
A bald man in a blue polo shirt stands next to a brick building .
a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a building.
A man stands on a sidewalk between a grass lawn and building.
A nearly bald man in a blue shirt and dark glasses waits on the lawn by an empty street .
Man in blue shirt standing on the sidewalk .
A bald man demonstarting how high his brown and black dog can jump .
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it .
A man holds a stick above a jumping dog .
A medium sized dog is jumping to get a stick .
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it.
a man and boy sit in the driver seat .
A man holds a child on his lap while driving a truck .
A man sits with a little boy in the drivers seat of a jeep .
A young boy sits on the lap of a man behind the wheel of a vehicle .
The boy is sitting in the lap of the car 's driver and helping to steer .
A baby dressed in blue , with a watch .
A baby wearing a watch .
a baby with a wristwatch is curious about something.
A child in a blue shirt is wearing a wristwatch .
A young child in a blue outfit plays with a watch he is wearing .
A little girl in a red dress and white hat holding two ZARA blue bags .
A little girl in a red dress is carrying shopping bags .
A little girl is carrying two shopping bags from Zara .
A toddler in a red dress carries two Zara shopping bags .
A young girl is carrying two large black shopping bags .
Two guys sit on opposite sides of a strange billboard .
Two men sit on benches on opposite sides near a billboard .
Two men sit on opposite sides of an advertisement in a bus shelter .
two men sitting on opposite sides of a bus stop.
Two people wait at an enclosed bus stop on a bench with advertisement present .
A casual family stroll by the water .
A man , woman , and little girl walk along a boardwalk beside a calm sea .
Child , man , and woman walking near the water .
The little girl in the pink shirt is walking ahead of a man and woman on the side of the body of water.
Two adults and a small girl walk along an ocean boardwalk .
A couple is enjoying the view of the water while sitting on a patio .
A couple sit on a patio overlooking the ocean .
Couple sitting on chairs by a stone wall overlooking the ocean .
Two adults sitting in chairs overlooking the ocean.
Two people sit on a well kept stone path that overlooks a large body of water .
A man sits in a camping chair near the edge of a rock face over a body of water .
a man sits in a chair while holding a large pole .
A man sits on a folding chair on big block of ice , holding on to a rope .
Man sits on chair near edge of cliff fishing.
The man hold a pole in the air , while sitting close to the cliffs edge .
A family in colorful clothing walking in the snow .
A group of Middle Eastern people walking through the snow .
A middle eastern family is walking.
five people walk through the snow wearing exotic clothes .
Three women dressed in colorful clothes and head coverings and a man and boy are walking in the snow .
A girl in black sitting on a man 's lap on a subway .
A girl sitting on a man 's lap on a passenger train.
A man and woman sit together on public transportation .
A woman is sitting on a man 's lap on a public transportation system .
A woman with a ponytail dressed in jean shorts and a black tank top sitting on the lap of a man with camo shorts and a white shirt on a subway .
A couple kisses at a concert .
A man and a woman kissing while at a show .
A man and woman kiss on a dance-floor while a band plays.
A man kissing a woman in a crowd .
The man and woman are hugging and kissing near musicians performing .
A man and woman walking down the street .
A woman and man carrying bags walking along a road with others in the background .
There are two girls in the foreground of a group of people and they are both carrying shoulder book bags .
Two firends are at an outdoor concert , and one is searching for something in her blue bag .
Two flamboyantly dressed people at a walk featuring hundreds of people .
a man leans against a tree with a beer in hand .
A man stands against a tree while holding a drink .
A young man drinks near a tree .
A young man stands against a tree drinking from a cup .
The man is holding a drink at an event .
A brown dog jumps in the sand .
A brown skinny dog is jumping over a tuft of grass on a dirt pathway .
A dog is jumping over a bush on the beach .
A dog jumps on a sandy embankment near another dog .
The yellow dog kicks up sand as it jumps .
A boy jumps from a high rock cliff to the water below .
A man in red swim trunks is in midair above the people in the water below .
A man wearing orange swim trunks in jumping from a high rock into the water .
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water .
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake .
A brown , tan , and white dog and a black and white dog are playing with a tennis ball on a house deck .
A dog jumps to try to catch a yellow tennis ball on a patio .
Two dogs playing with a tennis ball.
Two dogs play with a green ball on a wooden deck .
two fluffy dogs jumping to catch a tennis ball .
A man in blue clothing sorts through the contents of a plastic bag .
A man is bending down and digging in a white bag .
a woman bends down to reach in a plastic bag .
The man in the blue jacket is reaching into a white bag .
The man in the blue jacket is rummaging through a white plastic bag at the roadside .
A woman smiles in front of an ocean view .
A woman standing in front of a beach scene and smiling .
a young woman posing in front of a beautiful beach scene .
The woman in glasses is smiling with the ocean in the background.
Woman standing on a hill in front of the ocean .
A little boy at the steering wheel of a vehicle .
a small baby sitting in a car behind the steering wheel.
A young boy pretends to drive the car , with his hand on the horn .
Little boy sits in car 's driver 's seat , grabbing the steering wheel .
This small child is sitting behind the steering wheel of a car .
a brown and white dog jumping on a sandy beach.
A brown and white dog moving forward with two forelegs in the air and two hind legs on the ground .
A dog takes off running on the sand .
dog running on two legs.
The white dog is running on the sand in front of fallen bushes .
A little girl in a pink shirt sticks out her tongue .
A young girl showing her purple tongue.
A young girl sticking out her tongue .
broken image.
Young blonde girl displays a colored tongue .
A greyhound racing .
A muzzled greyhound dog wearing yellow and black is running on the track .
A race dog 's feet dig in the mud as he makes his way around a curve .
Sand is kicked up as two animals run .
Two dogs on a wet , sandy track .
a bicyclist jumping with his bike in midair.
A cyclist is performing a jump whilst other cyclists stand by and watch .
A guy is doing a trick on a bike .
Someone on a bike is performing an aerial trick while other bikers watch .
The trick bicyclist gets airborne off the ramp .
A woman in a swimsuit is standing on top of the cliff taking a photograph of the man carrying the backpack .
A woman takes a picture of a man on the edge of a cliff .
The couple takes a hike along the bluff .
Two people are standing on a cliff in the summer .
two people on the top of a cliff.
A big black dog with fluffy fur runs in the surf of a rocky shore .
A black dog jumps through the water .
A black dog splashes in the water .
The black dog is in the water on the shore .
The black dog is running through the water .
a boy does a gymnastic trick under a tree .
A boy does a toe touch in front of a tree .
A boy in brown nearly touches his feet with his hands in the air .
A boy leaping to perform a toe-touch in front of a tree .
A young man is jumping up into the air and touching his toes .
A climber on some rocks .
A man climbing the rocky face of a mountain .
A man rock climbing .
A shirtless person with jeans is climbing a rocky mountainside .
Extreme rock wall climbing.
A child plays outdoors , near a group of people who are mostly seated .
A little blond boy is running around in the grass behind a row of benches.
A little boy is running towards a group of people .
A little boy runs around while others look at a stage .
A small child wearing blue smiles as he stands behind a group of people .
A child attempts to enter a house through the doggy door .
a child 's legs while squeezing through a dog door .
A child wearing gray shorts and pink-bottomed sneakers crawls through a window .
A child wearing pink soled sneakers is climbing headfirst through a window .
A kid climbs through a small door .
A boy in a red shirt and white shorts is standing in the sand .
A boy runs along a beach while a group of young girls watch .
a boy sprints across the sand .
A boy wearing a red shirt is running through the sand .
The blonde girl is watching the boy run barefoot on the ground .
a girl wearing pink shoes jumps off a swing in a park.
A girl with blonde hair is jumping off a tire swing.
A young girl jumps off her swing in front of building .
The little girl a striped shirt jumped out of a swing .
Young girl jumping off a swing .
A dog is on a leash by a tree.
A dog on a leash defecating on grass.
A dog on a leash near a tree .
A white and brown dog is pooping whist attached to leash by a tree .
A yellow and brown dog is going to the bathroom outside .
A man in a yellow jacket standing on a rock in front of mountains .
A man is standing on a rock in front of a mountainous area .
A man on top of a high mountain.
A man standing on the ledge of a mountain with mountains a blue skies in the background .
A man wearing a yellow coat stands at the peak of a mountain .
A boy in goggles plays in a pool .
a boy jumps into a pool .
A boy makes a splash as he leaps into the swimming pool .
A boy wearing goggles jumps into a blue swimming pool .
Boy swimming in blue pool .
A man walking while holding a hat on a stick .
An Asian man balancing a hat on a stick.
A person holds a very small umbrella .
Older man holds a baseball hat above his head with a pole .
The man in the glasses holds something on a stick .
A man sits on a step with two duffel bags and a plastic bag by his sides .
A man wearing sandals sits on the sidewalk near some bags .
Bald , older man sits in gray stone area with bags , clapping hands .
Man with duffel bag sitting on a concrete curb .
Man with grey beard sitting on the sidewalk with bags on either side of him .
a dog plays with his toy .
A dog runs in the grss with a green toy in its mouth .
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth.
The big dog has a green toy in its mouth .
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth .
A girl is cold after coming out of the pool and is covered by a towel .
A little girl is covered in a towel at a swimming pool .
a toddler is with wet hair stands by swimming pool wrapped in a towel .
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool .
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool .
A woman wearing a red and black outfit standing in front of a building playing a violin .
A woman wearing black and red is playing a violin in front of a brick building .
A woman wearing red playing a violin on a sidewalk .
Girl in red , with striped tights , playing violin outside of building .
The girl in red and black is holding a violin and bow .
A pack of black dogs running in grass .
Five black dogs run in a field .
Five black dogs running across the grass .
Many black dogs run in a grassy area .
The black dogs are running in a grassy field.
A dog goes headfirst into the long grass from the sand .
A dog is digging in the sand beneath some grass .
A light brown dog is poking his head into brush .
A tan dog digging a hole at the edge of the sand .
A yellow dog digs in the sand near grass .
A couple strolls down a path near benches and water .
A man and a woman are walking past benches that overlook the water .
A man and woman walk up a sidewalk away from the water .
a young couple walking on the sidewalk away from the beach .
The man with no shirt and flip flops looks at the women in white shorts .
A bike rider is doing a stunt on a bicycle over a forest .
A man doing a bicycle trick .
A man is attempting a stunt with a bicycle .
a man is performing an aerial jump on a bicycle in front of a mountain covered with pine trees .
A person is holding onto a bicycle in the air with his body in flight position .
A brown and white dog wearing a red harness is running through a dry field , ears flapping .
A dog bounds across the brown grass .
A dog runs in a field of brown grass .
A dog with floppy ears runs in a dry field .
A longeared dog running in the grass .
A bikers flips upside down .
A man does a flip trick on his bicycle .
A man is doing a back flip off a ramp on a mountain bike in the wild .
A man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a jump on a bicycle .
A man performs a back flip on his bmx bicycle .
A baby in a green bag peeks out .
A child is mostly hidden in a green shopping bag .
A child is sitting in a green tote bag with only its eyes and hair poking out .
Infant peers from a lime-green shopping bag.
Little baby is peeking out of a green grocery bag .
A man with a many colored Mohawk smiling .
A man with a piercing and a rainbow colored Mohawk is looking off camera .
A person with a colorful Mohawk and tank top smiling .
A smiling person with a brightly colored Mohawk hairstyle .
A woman with a multicolored Mohawk , earring and grey tank top is smiling .
A dog is running away with a sandal in its mouth .
A large white poodle is walking on the grass carrying a sandal .
a large white puddle running along with a pink flip flop in its mouth.
A white dog carries a pink flip-flop through the green yard .
Large white poodle carrying a pink flip flop outside .
Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet .
Two girls hold up another girl and smile for the camera .
Two girls hold up their younger sister .
Two girls lift a third girl .
Two older girls hold a younger girl between them indoors .
A brown and black dog by a tree.
A brown , black , and white dog barking up a tree .
A dog is perched up against a tree looking at the top .
A dog looking up a tree with his tongue hanging out .
A dog with its tongue out is trying to look up the tree .
A blond child is drinking from a garden hose .
A boy drinks from the water hose .
A child with a water house to his mouth .
a little boy drinks water from the green hose .
Young boy blows into a hose while sitting on the deck .
A lone surfer riding a huge wave in the ocean .
A man in a black wetsuit is surfing in the waves .
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave .
A surfer in a black wetsuit surfs on a medium wave .
a surfer surfs a huge wave .
A boy wearing an orange shirt has his hair sticking straight up from his head .
A little boy with frizzy hair on a slide.
A young boy in an orange shirt has wild hair after sliding down a slide .
A young boy with his hair standing up , is sliding down a blue slide.
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide .
Two children playing with fireworks in shallow water.
Two children wearing glow necklaces play with sparklers while standing in water .
Two men are playing with glow sticks and sparklers .
Two men play with fireworks on the beach .
Two people are standing in shallow water , waving sparklers around.
A man on a four-wheeler jumps while in a field .
A person jumping a 4-wheel off road vehicle .
A person riding a yellow ATV over tall grass .
A yellow ATV is airborne in field of long grass .
The person with a helmet is doing a jumping trick on a 4-wheeler .
A black and white dog is staring at two brown lambs .
A cowboy stands near two sheep and a dog at a rodeo .
a man in a pink shirt herding goats in a ring.
A man uses two sticks to control two tan goats in a pen while a black and white dog watches .
The dog is herding sheep into a pen .
A man , feet fastened to a board and holding a tow-rope becomes airborne over the water .
A man water boarding .
A man waterskis .
A wakeboarder is doing a jumping trick in the water .
A wakeboarder is leaping into the air whilst holding onto a pink rope .
a boy runs along the street .
A child running on the sidewalk .
a young boy running in a street race.
A young boy runs in a race .
Blond child running in a race .
A big dog is biting a smaller dog on the leg.
A dog bites the tail of another dog .
A large brown dog sniffs a small white dog 's behind .
a large brown dog trying to catch a small white puppy from behind.
The large brown dog is sniffing a small white dog .
A black dog is in a dog race .
A black greyhound , with a green and white jersey ( # 7 ) is running on a track .
A black greyhound with the number seven is in the middle of a race .
A race dog with the number seven runs fast on a dog track .
Black greyhound dog racing down a track .
A girl and her child walking next to a mountain .
A woman is hiking towards an orange colored rock face .
A woman with a baby in a backpack , standing in a canyon .
The girl with a baby on her back stand and look at the tall mountain.
Woman walking on a dirt path near a large copper boulder .
A man in blue and red face paint poses for a picture with a woman .
A woman is being held by a man with black and red paint on his face .
A young woman poses with a man in face paint .
two adults hug each other .
Wearing identical necklaces , a woman and a man with a painted face embrace .
Boys running up a stone road towards a brick building .
Four boys run away up an incline .
four children are running up a path towards a red brick building .
Four children run up a small hill .
The four children are running to a brick building .
A girl in a black outfit hula hoops while people sit at tables eating .
A woman dressed in black with a hula hoop around her waist performs in front of diners .
A woman in black hula hoops in a park .
Lady in black hoolahoops on the street .
The woman hula hoops down the sidewalk .
People are riding on a ride at a theme park or carnival .
Riders in the log ride throw their arms in the air in enjoyment as they prepare for the watery descent .
Two people are riding down a log flume in a theme park .
Two people raise up their arms in a rollercoaster ride.
Water log amusement park ride with people in it at night .
A girl with black gloves is running .
A woman is excersizing outside .
A woman is wearing a white headband , purple tank top and black gloves .
A woman is wearing purple and jogging .
Girl in purple exercises with blurry background .
A man and a boy pose for a picture in a stairway overlooking a waterfall .
A man and a boy posing together behind a fence and a gorgeous waterfall view .
A man and little boy posing for a photo with a beautiful waterfall in the background .
an asian father and child stand in front of a large waterfall .
Man and Boy pose for a photo near a waterfall .
A black and brown dog rests head on lower steps of stairs .
A black and brown dog rests on a blue couch .
A black dog looks up with his head on a blue carpeted step .
A black dog stretches his back on the first step of a staircase .
The rottweiller is laying with its head and paws on the first step of the green carpeted stair .
A little boy holds a bat waiting for the pitch on a tiled outdoor area wearing a red shirt , white shorts , and blue flip flops that are too big for him .
A little boy playing baseball outside wearing flip flops .
A little boy preparing to hit a baseball.
a small boy wearing a red shirt swinging a baseball bat.
A young boy gets ready to swing his baseball bat .
A woman dressed in black and pink has a large tattoo on her back .
A woman in pink pants and a black tank top displays the tattoo on her back .
a woman wearing a black tank top revealing a large fairy tattoo .
A woman with a tattoo on her back walks away from the camera .
The woman wearing pink pants has a tattoo of a butterfly on her back .
A little boy wearing a yellow tank top is laughing .
Asian little boy with spiky hair and yellow shirt smiles on the beach .
A small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach .
A young Asian boy running on the sand.
Boy in yellow tank top laughing on a beach .
A couple sits on a shaded bench with a view of trees and a large building .
A couple sitting on a bench in a park.
A man and a woman on a bench facing a building with trees along the front of it .
Two people are sitting on a wooden bench by trees in front of a white building .
Two people sit on a park bench admiring the trees and large building they face .
A girl in a white coat stands in the middle of a fountain and a boy in the background laughs .
A girl wearing a white coat standing in a fountain .
A girl wearing a white coat stands in the middle of sprinklers .
A wet young girl in a white coat stands among water fountains .
a woman in a white coat is standing amidst some fountains.
A child in a blue shirt and orange swim trunks is underwater .
A child smiling at the camera while swimming underwater .
A child swims underwater in a pool .
A red haired girl in a blue T-shirt is swimming underwater in a pool .
Child dressed in blue is smiling underwater .
A little boy is running on the round playing with a little girl .
a young boy running after a young girl on a beach .
Two boys , one naked , one in a skirt , run on the sand .
Two kids chasing each other in the sand .
Two small children running on a beach .
A boy in a hat on a swing .
A boy rides a swing .
A little boy in blue and wearing a backwards cap is swinging .
A little boy on a swing .
Little boy on swing.
a brightly decorated bicycle with cart with people walking around in the background.
A street vending machine is parked while people walk by .
A street vendor on the corner of a busy intersection .
People on the city street walk past a puppet theater .
People walk around a mobile puppet theater in a big city .
A greyhound races on the dirt .
A greyhound races through the dirt .
A large brown dog with a muzzle is racing in the mud .
A tan dog wearing a muzzle is running on sand .
The yellow greyhound runs along the track muzzled .
A guy in black jacket eating .
A man eats a pastry .
A man in a black coat eats a doughnut while other men look out of frame .
A man in a black jacket is eating a pastry while standing next to two other men .
A man in black is eating a baked good near two elderly men .
Four people stand in front of trees .
Four young adults gathered outdoors.
four young people are walking through past trees in a busy park .
In the Fall , college students return to their schools .
Two girls and two boys walking in a park .
A boy with a Mohawk is wearing a navy blue sweatshirt in a crowd of people .
A man with a Mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus .
A man with a Mohawk stands in a group of people .
A man with a Mohawk walking on campus .
The man has a Mohawk .
Two children are in tobaggons at the top of a snow covered hill .
Two children go sledding .
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill .
Two children sitting on disks in the snow .
Two children sliding in the snow .
A brindle dog runs beside some pilings in ground at the waterside .
A brown dog is running past wooden posts on the beach .
A dog running along the beach .
A tan dog runs along a beach near wood stumps .
The brown dog is running in front of the water and the wooden sticks .
A man in black shirt sits on a stool while trying to sell stuffed animals .
A man is outside selling various toys .
A vendor sells children 's toys as visitors walk by .
A vendor sells inflatable toys and stuffed animals on the sidewalk .
Man sits on stool beside toys .
A woman in brown shorts and green striped shirt stands with a small bag on her back .
a woman in green stands with her hands on her hips .
A woman is wearing a green striped shirt and a brown skirt .
Tattoed women in striped top wearing a backpack .
The woman in the green striped shirt and backpack has a tattoo on her back .
a balck and tan dog running through the snow .
A dog is running through the snow away from the wire fence .
A dog running through snow .
The dog is running through deep snow .
The dog is running through the snow .
A boy is splashed in the face by a playground toy at a water park .
A young boy at a water park being sprayed in the face by a spigot decorated to look like a seahorse .
A young boy is gettnig splashed in the face by a blue water toy .
The boy is running through the sprinklers .
The little boy is running through the sprinklers .
The three dogs are standing in the sand .
Three small dogs stand in the sand and stare at each other .
Three small dogs , two of which are sniffing noses .
Two dogs meet and check out a third dog at the beach .
Two small dogs facing a third dog .
A girl holds her breath underwater in a pool .
A girl is about to emerge from a swimming pool .
A girl underwater in a pool .
A little girl is swimming under the crystal blue water .
A young girl in a swimming pool is coming up for air after being underwater .
A girl and boy wearing swimming goggles have their arms around each other .
A little boy and a little girl wearing goggles pose next to a swimming pool .
The boy and girl are wearing swimming goggles .
Two children in goggles standing beside a pool .
Two children with goggles stand before a pool .
A motorcycle racer is riding a black motorcycle .
A motorcyclist is going a very high speeds .
A motorcyclist is speeding on a road .
A person rides a motorcycle quickly .
Motorcycle rider crouches on bike , blurry background .
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain .
Two mountain climbers stand atop a snowy peak .
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall , snowy mountain .
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around .
Two people stand on the top of a snow covered mountain .
A person in a blue kayak is navigating rapids in a river .
A person in a kayak is going over a small waterfall .
A person kayaking down a small waterfall .
A person kayak 's over a waterfall .
The blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall .
A black dog jumps a horizontal bar in a grassy feild .
A black dog jumps a hurdle in a grassy area .
A black dog jumps over a pole on green grass .
A medium sized black dog jumps over a gate.
The black dog is jumping over the white pole in the grass .
a crowd of people walk .
A group of runners carry an injured runner out of a race .
A man being carried by a group of other men , people looking on behind a barrier .
Group carrying injured man as spectators watch from behind fence .
The injured athlete is being carried by several people .
A boy is jumping over shallow water near some large rocks .
A child jumping in the air on the beach .
A child jumps in the air over the watery beach .
A little kid jumps up into the air above the ocean .
A young boy jumps for joy in front of a rock formation .
A black and white dog is swimming .
A dog swims in the water .
A dog swims through deep water .
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water .
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth .
A man and an old woman stand and look at somthing behind the photographer .
A man stands with several people silhouetted against a blue sky.
A young man stares into the distance while an older lady looks the other way .
Group of people on a sunny day .
Several people are standing around under a clear blue sky .
A girl , in a green field , plays soccer .
A girl is about to kick a soccer ball in the grass .
A girl prepares to kick a soccer ball while a boy looks on .
A male watches a young female playing soccer .
Two kids playing soccer in a field .
A little boy wearing a red wristband grins as he holds something .
A small boy wearing a light blue shirt smiles as he holds something in his hand .
A young boy smiling with something in his hand.
a young man wearing a blue striped shirt standing in front of a floral patterened couch.
Near a window and a chair , a young boy in a blue shirt holds something in his hand and smiles .
a lone woman wearing a bikini on a beach walking a dog on a leash.
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach .
A woman in a bikini pulls a dog on a leash at the beach .
A woman is standing at the beach with her dog on a leash.
A woman walking a dog on a beach .
A little boy in green goggles and a white life jacket jumps into the water .
A little boy in red shorts jumps into the water .
A person jumps off of a ledge into a body of water .
Boy with life jacket jumping into water.
Guy with ski jacket jumping off bridge into water.
a blond girl in a pink bathing suit running through the sprinklers.
A girl in pink runs through a sprinkler .
A girl runs through sprinklers on a lawn .
A little girl in pink in running through a sprinkler .
A little girl wearing a pink dress is running across the grass .
A man in a blue jacket bikes down a forest path .
A man rides a bike down a trail in a pine forest .
A person on a bike rides through a wooded area .
Tall trees reach to the horizon as a cyclist navigates the way through the tangled roots .
The biker is riding through the woods .
A boy with an orange shirt lies on a bodyboard in the surf .
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves .
A young boy rides his boogie-board through the ocean spray .
A young child wearing a yellow wetsuit rides on a surfboard .
The child is on a boogie board , with waves splashing around .
A man is posing in front of a brick wall that has framed pictures on it .
A man is standing in front of an interior brick wall with pictures along the top .
a middle aged man is standing next to a white wall underneath some catholic theme pictures .
A smiling man in a check shirt stands below a row of religious pictures .
Pictures on a white brick wall with a smiling man standing in front of the wall .
A dog racing around a track .
A dog racing on a track .
A greyhound with a muzzle runs on a racetrack .
A muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track .
a muzzled greyhound dog running around a track.
A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .
A brown dog frolics in a field carrying a plush toy.
A curly brown dog runs across the lawn carrying a toy in its mouth .
A dog jumps and catches a chew toy .
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .
A boy jumps off a platform whilst two other boys stand and watch .
A child is jumping off a platform into a pool .
Three boys jumping off of a platform .
Three children on diving board , with one jumping off .
Two boys standing on top of a diving platform and one captured midair .
Two elderly females sitting on a white bench amongst trees .
Two elderly women sitting on a white bench .
Two older women sit on a park bench at the park .
Two older women sit on a white bench in a park .
Two senior women sit outside on a bench on a sunny day .
A group of people mill around while a man in a fish costume descends a staircase .
A group of people waiting in line for a game .
An overweight family with sling across bags stand near a group of people .
A woman in a red shirt stands by a man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt in front of a stairway .
People walk in a building near a set of stairs .
A brown dog is running though some sand .
A dog is jumping in some sand .
A dog running in the sand , grass in the background .
A dog running through the sand .
A dog runs through sand .
Above view of multiple people skydiving .
A group of people are shown sky-diving as they fall through the sky .
A sky jumper falls toward the sea and the earth .
People are skydiving .
Skydivers in formation .
A girl shakes her hair in a swimming pool .
A person emerges from a pool of water , the water cascading from their hair .
A person is in the water and throwing their hair back .
a woman swinging her head out of the water.
Woman 's long wet hair gives off spray in water.
A black dog is in midair as a woman behind it cheers .
A black dog leaps in the air while a woman yells in the background .
a black dog running really fast with a blond woman running after him in the background .
A woman in a blue shirt is running behind a black dog .
woman running after dog.
A black and white dog is drooling whilst walking on the grass .
A black and white dog is running through grass .
Black and White Dog runs across a lawn while drooling .
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
The black and white dog runs through the grass .
A girl jumping from a diving board into a pool.
A girl jumping into a swimming pool.
A girl jumps off of a diving board into a pool .
A little girl is jumping off the diving board into a pool .
A young girl in a pink and yellow bathing suit jumps from a diving board into a pool .
A little girl screams while wearing bows in her hair .
A small girl with colorful barettes in her hair yawns .
A toddler with colorful hairclips yawns at the window .
A young girl with hair ribbons yawning .
Girl screaming with bows in her hair .
A man shows off his tongue ring while posing with a girl .
A man sticks his tongue out at the camera , a woman smirks at it .
Man with a pierced tongue next to a woman .
The man and woman are sitting together and smiling .
Young man shows his tongue piercing while a woman stands next to him.
A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .
A man does skateboard tricks in a parking lot at night .
a skateboarder grinds a curb .
a skateboarder is riding his board along the boundary stone of a parking lot .
A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .
A man rides his skateboard with his shadow falling on a wall covered in graffiti .
A skateboarder grinding a lip .
A skateboarder is jumping through the air in front of a graffiti covered wall .
A skateboarder performs a skateboard trick against a graffiti wall .
A skateboarder performs tricks on a ramp in front of a wall with graffiti .
A blond boy in a dark hoodie is holding a fishing rod .
A boy on the beach casts a fishing pole in the water .
A little boy is holding a fishing rod .
A young boy wearing a black hoodie is holding a fishing pole .
A young male holding a fishing pole .
A red boat is paddled down the rapids by two people .
Two canooers paddle through some rapids .
Two people in jackets are rowing a canoe down a river .
Two people rafting down a river near pine trees .
Two people row a boat past rocks in water .
A couple in a red canoe paddle down a rough river lined with trees .
Two paddlers in a red canoe approach a couple of large rocks in the rushing river with conifers in the background .
Two people are in a canoe .
Two people canoeing down a river in a red canoe .
Two people paddle a canoe down a rough stretch of river near a pine forest .
A boy jumps into water fully clothed .
A boy jumps into water while another watches .
A boys jumps in the water while another boy looks on .
A kid jumps over a small waterful while another boy looks on .
Two boys playing in a lake .
A girl in a green bathing suit jumps off a building into a lake .
A girl in a green bathing suit leaping into a lake .
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake .
A woman jumping into a lake.
The girl is leaping into the lake .
A pale tan dog with a ball in its mouth waking in grass .
A white dog carries a white ball in its mouth .
A white dog is carrying a ball across the grass nearby a fence .
The dog is holding a ball in his mouth .
The white dog has a ball in its mouth .
A guy sitting on the side of the road playing an accordion .
A man is playing the accordion in an empty park .
A man sits by a driveway in front of a white building playing an accordion .
A man with an accordion sitting alongside a path .
Older man playing accordion on a street .
A dad celebrates a birthday with his family via web cam .
A woman and two children talk on a web cam to a man  Looks like a birthday party .
A woman and two little girls celebrate a birthday with a man over a web cam .
A woman sits with two children while a picture of a man is on the computer on the table .
A woman with two children , a cake , and a laptop .
A brown dog being chased in a rural area.
A few brown dogs play in some dirt near woods .
a group of dogs running outside down a dirt trail .
The dogs are running outdoors near a wooded area .
Two brown dogs run along a gravel road while another dog watches .
A gray haired woman in a yellow shirt sitting under a blue sign .
An older woman sits under a sign advertising a 3 slice special .
A woman facing down is sitting under an advertisment .
A woman sits underneath a sale sign .
A woman wearing a yellow shirt sits on a wooden bench .
A girl plays in the surf at the beach .
A kid in an ocean rides a wave .
A little girl is jumping into a breaking wave on the beach .
a young man playing in a wave at the beach.
This boy is spreading his arms while playing in the water .
A man and a woman are staring into the ocean .
A man looking at a woman looking at water .
a young couple staring in front of the ocean .
Two people looking at a rocky view.
Two women in coats look out into the surf .
A dachshund returning a tennis ball .
A dog is running through a low-cut field with a ball .
A little brown dog has a ball in its mouth .
A weiner dog catches a blue and yellow tennis ball .
The small brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head .
A man poses outside of some buildings .
A man stands next to signs for the wharfs .
A man with sunglasses on his head is standing by signs for the Wharf and ferry terminal .
A man with sunglasses on his head poses for a picture near the wharf .
A man and a woman relaxing after a workout.
A man and a woman resting after exercise .
A man with his shirt off sweats profusely as he takes a break by a wall .
There is a shirtless man leaning against a wall and a woman in a red shirt with her back to him .
Two people stand against a wall after a workout .
A blond boy with a rubber innertube over his shoulder .
A boy holding a float .
A boy plays with a water tube .
A kid without a shirt uses an innertube for shade .
A young blond boy with long hair with a large innertube drapped around his body.
A boy wearing brown shorts pouring water over his head .
A child in a standing in a stream dumps a bucket of water on his or her head .
A person is taking a blue bucket full of water and pouring it over themselves .
A young boy dumping a pail of water over his head .
A young child is standing in a river pouring a large green bucket of water over his head .
A girl in a pink bikini screaming at the end of a water slide emerging into a pool .
A girl laughing on a water slide .
A young girl in a pink bikini laughs at the bottom of a water slide .
A young girl in a pink swimsuit at the bottom of a water slide .
Child in swimsuit squints and opens mouth as she lands at water slide bottom .
A brown dog has a ball in his mouth while playing in the fence .
A brown dog runs with a toy in his mouth through long green grass .
The brown dog is running through a field , with a ball in its mouth .
The brown dog is running through the dry grass with a ball in its mouth .
The brown dog with pointy ears is holding a ball in its mouth .
A blonde girl climbing on a play set .
A girl playing on a playground.
A girl wearing a dress holds on to both rails of the climbing frame .
A young girl hanging from a jungle gym .
Girl in dress hanging on orange rails.
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting , with an older man walking behind her .
a young child running along the shore at a beach.
A young girl plays in the sand on a beach .
Child yelling and walking across sand , another figure and ocean in background .
The girl is running on the sand near the beach .
A guy with a backpack on .
A hiker is standing by a mound of rocks on the path .
A man hikes up a rocky hill .
A man with a backpack on a hill next to a rock outcroping .
A man with a backpack stands beside a rock .
A person belted into a bungee-jumping ride in midair .
A person is flipping upside down while attached to some bungee cords .
A person is suspended by wires and poles against a blue sky .
A person wearing a white shirt and blue shorts with cables attached to him .
A shoeless strapped in individual jumping with rubber bands attached is airborne .
A person in a red striped hooded sweatshirt and jeans shorts walking on a grassy hill .
A person wearing a striped shirt is walking on a hill .
A woman in a striped sweater is standing on a hill .
A woman walking across a hill with dark clouds in the background .
One person with a pink and black striped shirt and white shorts walking up a hill .
A black dog emerges from the water onto the sand , holding a white object in its mouth .
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth .
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth .
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth .
The black dog jumps out of the water with something in its mouth .
A boy playing on a playground.
A boys plays at the playground .
A child in jeans and a t-shirt hangs from monkey-bars at a playground .
African-american boy is playing on playground .
A smiling boy hangs onto a zip-line structure at a playground .
a group of policeman in front of a glass building.
A group of policemen are standing outside of a building .
A group of police officers outside a city building .
a group of police officers patroling the streets with a building in the background.
Policemen are gathered around a glass building .
A brown and white dog is licking a dog that looks very similar .
A brown and white dog is licking a small brown terrier .
Two blurry dogs .
Two brown and white dogs are standing on a sidewalk .
Two small brown and white dogs stand together .
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is .
a brown dog is sniffing the ground by a cow that is standing behind a wooden fence .
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull .
A dog and cow standing at a fence .
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on.
A white dog running from a wooded area .
A white dog running through woods .
A white dog runs toward the camera .
Dog runs through trees toward camera.
The white dog looks happy running .
Three black dogs are on a beach .
Three black dogs playing on the beach .
Three black dogs play on sand outside .
three dogs playing on a beach.
Three large black dogs are playing on the shore near the ocean .
A group of children carrying poles and swords .
A group of kids stand in a row holding sticks and swords .
Children group together in front of a crowd , holding long sticks .
Kids standing in a line with family watching in the background.
There is a group of 8 young children holding sticks while standing in the grass .
A person with long hair emerging from a pool of water , their hair whipping around , and water cascading from the hair .
A woman is flinging water with her hair .
A woman is throwing her wet hair back creating a pattern with the dripping water .
A woman whips her hair out of the water .
The spray from water ejected by a woman 's hair is reflecting the sunlight .
A boy eats with chopsticks .
A little boy is eating a piece of sushi with his chopsticks .
An Asian boy eats with chopsticks .
A young boy eats food with chopsticks .
The little boy wearing the blue shirt is eating with chopsticks .
A Budweiser-sponsored race car accelerates quickly with smoke behind it .
A dragster is taking off and leaving a huge trail of smoke behind him .
A man is photographing a Budweiser sprint car at a speedway smoking its tires .
Red racing car on track blowing smoke.
Smoke is spewing out of the back of a red race car on a racetrack .
A black and white dog jumping for a ball .
A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .
A white and black dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a tennis ball .
A white and black dog is playing with a tennis ball near flowers .
There is a white and black dog jumping off the ground trying to catch a ball .
Two brown dogs race on a track .
Two dogs are racing and have muzzles on their mouths .
two dogs race around the course .
Two dogs wearing racing equipment are running on muddy ground .
Two racing dogs run in the mud .
A boy wearing a white headband is kicking a soccer ball down the field .
A player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field .
A soccer game is going on at sundown .
A soccer player is kicking a soccer ball .
At dusk , a soccer player kicks the ball off the sidelines .
A man is doing tricks on a bicycle on ramps in front of a crowd .
A man on a bike executes a jump as part of a competition while the crowd watches .
A man rides a yellow bike over a ramp while others watch .
Bike rider jumping obstacles .
Bmx biker Jumps off of ramp.
