A black and gray cat stands on a contracption while two big dogs stare at it .
Two black and white dogs are looking at a grey and white kitty .
Two black and white dogs look at a kitten perched on some equipment .
Two black and white dogs looking at a black and white kitten who is sitting on top of a tank with hoses on it .
Two dogs are staring at a grey and white cat .
a dog jumps onto the sidewalk .
A small dog runs from the dirt onto the street.
A tan , white , and black dog runs towards a sidewalk .
Dog leaps out .
The brown and white dog is standing on its hind legs beside the path .
Two dogs drink water in a lake .
Two white dogs are drinking water out of a lake .
Two white dogs drink from the lake .
two white dogs drinking out of a stream.
Two white dogs walk around in shallow water .
A little boy jumps on a toy air gun .
A little girl is playing with a colorful toy in the ground .
A small child jumps on a colorful toy in the street .
A young girl playing with two plastic and foam toy rockets .
A young girl plays on a colorful toy outside .
A man in yellow jumps with his skis .
A man in yellow ski jumping over a barrel .
A man jumps while snow skiing .
A skier catches air over the snow .
Man skiing over a barrel in a snowy area .
A dog is jumping in the snow .
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area .
a large white dog jumping up in the snow.
A white dog plays outside in a fenced yard while it snows .
White dog playing in the snow .
A baseball is recoiling from an action taken on a treated field watched by others .
A baseball player on a playing field springs into action .
A baseball player standing on the mound .
A Philadelphia Phillie pitcher on the pitchers mound with his left leg up behind him .
A pitcher in a red and white uniform in a baseball game has just thrown the ball .
A boy is being watched as he leaps up in the air on a trampoline .
A boy without a shirt on is jumping in the air almost upside down .
A guy standing is watching another guy in midair .
A shirtless teenager bounces on a trampoline as other children watch .
Kids jumping with one boy in midair .
A black dog is leaping into a creek .
A black dog is leaping over a stream of running water .
A black dog jumping off a river bank near a wooded area .
A wet black dog jumping into a lake .
A wet black dog leaps across a stream .
A boy being swarmed by pigeons , marble building in the background .
A boy is surrounded by pigeons .
pigeons attack a blonde boy .
Pigeons swarm all over a boy .
There are birds on the boy.
A girl skiing .
A woman on a ski slope .
A woman skier smiles for the camera while on a snowy slope .
A woman standing on a snowy hill about to ski .
A woman with a blue jacket is posing for a picture while skiing down a mountain.
A man and woman walking on the sand with water in the background .
A man carrying a baby walks next to a woman along the beach .
A woman and a man carrying a small child walking on a rocky beach .
Two individuals standing on a beach .
Two people stand on a beach and look to the right .
A man on the beach is taking a picture of another man .
A man posing for his photo on a rocky beach .
A man takes a picture of another man at the beach .
Man filiming a man with sunglasses at the beach .
Two men are standing on a rocky shore , while one photographs the other .
A brown dog jumps over a barrier that is black and white .
A dog jumping high to clear the bars .
a dog jumps over the pole .
Orange dog jumps over striped posts on course .
The brown dog is performing a jump in an obstacle course .
A woman in a knit cap and a man in a peacoat sit on a subway , laden with bags .
People in dark clothing sit together .
Three people sitting on a bench .
Two people wearing black sit on a bench and look down .
Two women are sitting with their purses in their laps .
One girl is helping another to take a picture with a digital camera .
Two children take a picture of something in the distance .
Two young girls holding a camera together .
Two young girls looking at camera .
two young kids looking into the same camera.
A group of children sit on a bench outside and smile happily .
Five children laugh and smile on a bench .
five giggling children sit on a green bench in a park.
The children enjoy something funny as they prepare to have their photo taken .
Two girls and three boys are sitting on a bench laughing .
A dog in some water enclosed by rocky ledge .
A white dog is standing in a pond .
A white dog is walking through a river that runs through a rocky landscape .
A white dog walks through shallow water in the wilderness .
The white dog is wading in the pond atop the mountain .
Two children standing under an awning .
Two kids are playing a game of Foosball .
Two kids in a developing nation are playing a table top game under an awning made from burlap .
Two men play a game beneath a shade .
Two young kids are in a hut .
A blue Jeep drive into deep , muddy water .
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud .
A Jeep gets wheel high in mud .
The car sinks up to the tops of its wheels in the mud .
There is a jeep stuck in mud up to the doors .
A brown and black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the carpet .
A large white dog and a smaller brown dog fight .
A white dog opens its mouth near a smaller dog .
A white dog plays with a brown dog on carpet .
Two dogs playing rough .
A boy being drenched in a downpour of water .
A boy playing in water .
A child in a white sox shirt is covered in water spray and looks distressed .
A young boy wearing a black shirt is getting soaked in the rain .
Children playing in water .
A boy stands near water with a stone in his hand .
A child in a blue shirt is holding something in his hand on a lake shore .
A little boy is ready to throw a stone into the water .
A skips rocks near a bridge .
The little boy is at the side of the river throwing rocks .
A boy in a blue shirt and white pants stands on the edge of a lake in a town with a church in the background .
A boy in a blue shirt standing by a lake shore .
A young boy is throwing something into a river .
A young boy throwing a rock into a pond in front of a large building .
Little boy standing on the bank of a river .
A girl in a red shirt is rock climbing .
A woman climbs up a steep rock face .
a woman wearing red , climbs up the giant rock .
A young girl with a determined expression climbing a cliff edge .
Blond woman in red top rock climbing .
A black dog in running in a field .
A black dog is running through a marsh-like area .
A black dog runs through a muddy bank .
A dog running through mucky ground .
A mostly black short haired dog is running in a swampy area with its tongue out .
A person wearing a blue hat takes a photo in the snow .
A person wearing a hat takes a picture while its snowing .
A woman in a gray hat is aiming her camera in the snow as to take a picture .
A woman takes a picture as it snows .
The lady wearing a black hat is taking a picture while the snow falls .
A group of girls ride an ATV .
Four females wearing helments are riding on an ATV .
Four girls are sitting on a blue ATV in field .
Four girls ride sit on a riding tractor on a farm .
Four girls sit on an ATV in a yard .
A person climbing up a snowy mountain .
A person climbing up the side of a snowy mountain to fetch his or her ski poles .
A skier climbs up a snowy trail toward his poles .
A climber with a backpack accends a snow covered mountain .
Man climbing a steep snow-covered slope .
A dog is running through a green yard .
A dog running though a green yard .
A white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area .
A white dog with brown spots is jumping through the air .
Black and white dog running across grass .
A brown dog wearing a red vest is running in the grass .
A brown dog wearing a red vest is running through the grass .
a dog sprints across the grass .
A dog wearing a red cape runs quickly across a field .
The brown dog is running on the grass whilst wearing an orange jacket .
Three children covered in soap bubbles smile .
Three children in bathing suits are playing in foam.
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles .
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles .
Three young children are covered in foam .
A dog is standing in a small pool of water on top of a mountain .
A dog treads through a shallow area of water located on a rocky mountainside .
A white dog drinks water on a mountain .
A white dog drinks water on a mountainside .
A white dog standing in a pool of water high in the mountains .
A dirty jeep is stuck in the mud .
A Jeep goes off-roading in the woods with muddy trails making it dirty .
A muddy jeep driving through the forest .
A muddy truck in the woods .
The vehicle is driving through mud surrounded by pine trees .
A dog on a green hillside .
A dog standing on the side of a mountain .
A dog stands on the side of a grassy cliff .
A fluffy white dog looks down a steep , grassy embankment .
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside .
A few boats ride in the water in front of a city skyline .
A large boat drives through the harbor .
A white boat is cruising near a large city backdrop .
Small yachts in harbor , city in background .
There is a white boat in the bay with a city in the background .
A goalie tries to catch a ball during a soccer game .
A group of guys playing soccer on a field .
Footballers are scrambling around the goal as the goal keeper reaches for the ball .
Four men in green at a soccer goal post trying to score , while 3 men in blue try to prevent it .
Two soccer teams converge at the goal and the goalie reaches for the ball .
A group of swimmers are holding on to a rope at the beach.
Five women in identical swimsuits hold on to a rope near the ocean .
six girls hold a rope in the ocean .
Swimmers in a line facing away from camera.
They are sitting on the edge of the pool by the ocean .
A brown dog is sitting in the front of a canoe .
A brown dog lies on a blanket in boat .
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog .
A Dog lying on a blanket at the end of a small boat .
A reddish-brown dog is laying at the front of a white boat on an orange flowered blanket .
A brown and black dog leaps through the freshly mown grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
A shepherd bounds through the grass .
Black and brown dog running on grass .
Brown and tan dog , mouth open with tongue hanging out , running in the grass .
A car is driving towards a green mountain .
A nice neighborhood street in the beautiful green foothills .
A small town lies at the base of verdant mountains .
A town and a green mountain in the back .
A town at the foothills of a mountain is seen bustling with typical daytime activity .
Two brown dogs are running through the snow .
Two brown dogs run across a large snowy yard .
two brown dogs running through the snow .
Two dogs race across a snowy field .
Two dogs run through a snowy field .
A brown dog running on shore with a boat in the background .
A brown dog runs near the water .
A dog is running on the grass beside a boat on the river .
A large orange dog runs through the grass by the water where a large boat is sailing in the background .
The dog is running in the grass next to the water .
A blond dog with floppy ears runs toward the camera .
A blonde dog runs through the grass .
A dog is running toward the camera .
A golden haired dog is turning direction through low straw grass .
The dog runs towards the camera in a field .
A girl is standing outdoors with her hair blowing everywhere .
a girl lets her hair blow in the wind .
A girls brown hair is thrashed by the wind .
A smiling young woman is shown from the shoulders up with her long hair blowing in the wind .
Smiling girl with brown hair blowing in air .
A woman wearing a mock ancient Egyptian headdress .
A woman wearing glasses , large hoop earrings , and a hooded piece on her head .
A woman wears an Egytian-like headdress .
a woman wears her glasses .
The woman in glasses is wearing a black headdress .
A brown dog is laying on his side on a beige carpet , with a green object in the foreground .
A brown dog is laying on its back on a white carpet with a green ball on it .
A brown dog is rolling on its back on a carpet with several green toys nearby .
A dog lies on its back on a dog bed .
The dog is laying on its back near a green ball .
A hummer is driving through a mud puddle several feet deep .
An old dusty car is half way in the brown water .
An old jeep partially submerged in water.
Dirty car in body of water.
The dirty vehicle is caught in a flood .
A girl wrings out a wet shirt .
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands .
A little girl in a green outfit wringing out an orange rag .
A young girl plays outside .
The little girl in the green outfit is playing with a piece of orange material .
A dog and a cow are on a rocky slope .
A dog and a cow are standing on a hillside .
A white dog looks at a nervous cow in a mountain setting .
A white dog stands in front of a cow that has its head down and horns directed at the dog .
Two dogs are in a grassy area .
a boy in green shorts swims past a boy in black shorts in an outdoor pool .
Two boys swim on a sunny day .
Two children swimming in green water .
Two young boys swim and play in an outdoor fountain .
Two young boys swimming in a pool of green water .
A woman in black sitting on a train .
A woman is stretching he legs across three seats on a subway train .
A woman sites with her feet on the seats in a subway car .
Two women in winter clothes ride in a subway car with orange and yellow seats .
Two women sit on a city train .
A group of people are playing with a large red ring .
A group of people gather on the grass field and throw a pink hoop .
A group of people in a large yard toss a disc .
kids play ultimate Frisbee .
Men playing with a red ring out in the field .
A boy in a swimsuit slides along a stretch of wet plastic .
A boy slides down a water slide as another boy runs past .
A man in black shorts is sliding on a tarp .
Boy in black shorts sliding on black surface covered with water with green trees in the background .
Boy sliding on a wet plastic surface.
A girl wearing a halter top eats cake at a table .
a little girl holds up her plate .
A little girl is eating cake and strawberries at a wooden table .
A young girl sits at a table and eats .
The little girl is eating outdoors .
An older man with white hair a blue jacket and a bright red hat .
An old man wearing a red hat and black raincoat .
An old man with white hair in a red hat.
A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance .
A person with gray hair wears a red hat and watches it snow .
A blue and white sailboat sits by a dock .
A few people park their boat at a dock .
Three men stand atop a boat from Seattle Washington .
Three people are standing on the dock of a boat looking at something off camera .
Three people stand on a boat that is docked .
A black and white dog in a dog-shirt carrying a long piece of wood .
A black and white dog in a plaid coat is carrying a very long stick .
A black and white dog on a leash is wearing a plaid outfit .
A small black and white dog on a leash wearing a shirt carrying a large stick .
A small dog plays with a very big limb .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A dog makes a faithful leap to catch a green and black Frisbee in his mouth .
A leaping dog catches a green and black Frisbee .
A white dog is airborne whilst catching a green toy .
Small dog jumps sideways to catch a soft disc .
A woman in gray is smoking a cigarette .
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette.
Lady with red hair in jeans and grey sweater holding a cigarette .
The redheaded woman holds her purse while putting a cigarette in her mouth .
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette .
A child in a red jacket sitting on a red disk in the snow .
A child on a red disc sled slides down a small snow-covered hill .
A child sits on a red disc in the snow .
A child wearing a helmet is sitting on a red sled outside in the snow .
a small child sleeding down a snowy hill wearing a blue helmet.
The two people are standing on a rock , holding themselves up against another rock , while looking down.
Three people make their way through rocky terrain .
Three people participate in rock climbing .
Two female hikers hang onto a rock in front of them while looking down into a deep crevice .
Two people wearing backpacks and a woman in red shorts are standing on some large rock formations .
A group is walking between two giant rock formations .
a group of hikers hike .
Hikers walking up red clay path .
Some hikers are walking past a stream that runs between an interesting rock formation .
Some young adults hike by boulders and a stream .
A baby eats and has food on his face .
A boy with lips messy from eating fruit.
A little boy is eating something and got it all over his mouth .
A small child with berries all over its mouth .
A young brown eyed boy with red syrup on his lips is pouring syrup .
A backpacker is walking in front of a mountain with arms crossed .
A hiker in a red cap walking along a mountain path .
A hiker with a backpack is walking with a snow-covered mountain in the background .
A person in a red hat with a huge backpack going hiking .
A woman holds herself as she hikes in mountainous terrain .
A brown dog sits alone in front of a snowbank .
A brown dog sits outside next to a large snowbank .
A dog sitting in ice and snow .
The brown dog is sitting down on a snowy path .
The dog sits by a snowdrift .
A boy holds a large icicle .
A boy holds an icicle.
A warmly dressed boy pretending an icicle is a gun .
a young boy pretending to play with an ice sculpture gun.
Boy holding an icicle pretending it is a gun .
A child in orange poses in the snow riding a blue sled .
A child on a plastic sled .
A child sleds .
A little boy in an orange goggles and coat is playing on a blue sled in the snow .
A young child with snow on his face gets out of a blue sled .
A boy in an orange jacket appears unhappy .
A boy wearing an orange coat winks at the camera .
A winking boy in the snow wears a helmet and an orange LL Bean jacket .
Child in orange jacket and a helmet playing in the snow .
The boy wearing the red jacket and helmet is winking.
A boy dives into a pool near a water slide .
A boy in blue swim trunks dives into a swimming pool while two adults look on .
A kid playing in a swimming pool .
A young boy wearing a blue bathing suit flies through the air above a swimming pool .
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch .
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool .
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch .
A young boy jumping into a pool .
A young boy jumping into a pool that says " no diving " .
The boy is jumping into the swimming pool .
A baby in a Santa hat holds a Santa figure while laying on a brown sofa .
A baby wearing a Santa hat and a red outfit playing with a Santa Claus figure .
a baby wears a Santa hat .
Baby in Santa outfit holding a baby Santa .
The baby is holding a Santa figurine .
A beautiful brown and white St Bernard running in the snow.
A St Bernard lunges through the snow .
Large St Bernard dog wearing red collar galloping through the snow .
St Bernard dog running in the snowy field .
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow .
A man helping a young child rollerskate .
A mom is helping her son to Rollerblade .
An adult helping a child ice skate together on a dark rink .
An adult ice skating with a small child with a red shirt on an ice skating rink .
An adult is holding up a child who is trying to ice skate .
A girl on the phone standing in front of beautiful plants is passed by another smiling girl .
A girl wearing a white sweatshirt and jean shorts has a big smile on her face as she walks along .
A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone .
A teenage girl walks past another with a cellphone .
A young woman walks by another young woman talking on the phone and leaning on a wall .
A brown and a black dog are wearing collars and playing with each other .
A brown dog biting a black dog on a sidewalk.
The brown dog with a red collar is biting the black dog .
Two dogs , one brown and one black , playing with each other .
Two dogs , one brown , the other black and white , are playing on a sidewalk .
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree .
A boy looks at a new toy during christmas.
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas .
Boy indoors by Christmas tree , playing with green , light-up sword toy .
Young boy holding a light saber in front of a Christmas tree with wrapping paper littering the floor .
A man on a bicycle riding on the beach .
A man rides a bike under a blue and white sky .
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean .
An adult riding a bike on a beach with many visible vapour trails in the sky .
A person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean .
A young boy jumping into a lake .
A young boy jumping into a still lake.
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake .
The boy is jumping into a lake .
The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water .
A girl walks next to a pool .
A young girl in a blue and pink bathing suit runs around a pool .
Girl running next to a pool .
The girl in a bathing suit runs past the blue pool .
The girl in the aqua two piece swimsuit is in front of the aqua pool .
A boy in black winter clothes sits on an inflated sled by a mound of snow .
A child rides down the snow in a tube .
The kid is on a float in the snow .
There is a person sitting on a plastic blow-up float in the high piled snow .
This person , bundled up for the snow , slides down the hill on an intertube .
A girl in a blue bathing suit is walking away from the water on the beach .
A girl in a blue bathing suit walks across the beach .
A girl in a blue two piece bathing suit at the beach .
A young girl is wearing a bathing suit and the ocean is behind her .
A young girl wearing a blue bikini swimsuit .
A child in the snow with a house in the background .
A little boy is throwing snow around outside .
Snow covers the ground and a young boy 's jacket .
The little boy with the yellow stripe on his hat is in the snow .
This boy is throwing a snowball .
A man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .
A man wears a NASCAR jacket .
An elderly man is wearing a black jacket covered in sponsorship logos .
Older man with glasses wearing a car racing hat and jacket .
The white haired man in the black baseball cap is wearing a black jacket covered with car racing emblems .
A woman and a girl ride a sled down a hill standing up .
A woman and a younger girl , both wearing blue jackets and knit caps , slide down a hill on a snow sled , a dog running at their side .
A woman and a young girl riding a sled down a snowy hill while standing .
A woman and girl riding downhill on a sled with a dog running alongside them.
Two people on a sled riding down a snowy hill .
A black dog carries an orange ball , walking on the ground covered in leaves .
A black dog with an orange toy in its mouth is walking in fall leaves .
A black lab puppy runs with an orange ball on an autumn day .
Black dog with orange ball approaches camera across dead leaves .
The black dog walks through brown leaves with an orange ball .
A girl colors with markers .
A little girl is carefully coloring in the pictures of a coloring book .
A young girl colors in a coloring book with a choice of many colors from a container .
Little girl coloring pictures indoors .
The little girl is using colored pencils to decorate a coloring book .
a blond girl in a brown shirt with a black pen up her nose.
A little girl has a pen sticking out of her nose .
A young girl is looking at the camera with a pen stuck up her nose .
The girl with the wide eyes has a marker hanging from her nose .
Young girl sitting with a black pen in her nose .
A baby with food all over its mouth .
A little boy with baby food on his face .
An adult hods a baby wearing a bib , the baby has food around its mouth .
The baby is wearing a bib and sitting in an adult '.
There is a baby with orange-stained lips staring at the camera .
A dog jumping in midair above grass .
A dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball in a grassy field .
A golden dog is jumping in an attempt to catch a ball .
dog in air.
The dog is in the air above the grass .
A black and white dog is playing with a ball on a lawn .
A black and white dog jumps up as a ball is thrown over his head .
dog jumping looking up and small white ball in air passed by.
The black and white dog is attempting to catch a ball in the garden .
The dog jumps up waiting to catch something being thrown .
A man holds a boy upside down over a pond .
A man holds a young boy upside down over a puddle of water .
A man plays with a little boy , holding him upside down .
Man holding boy upside down in his arms standing on rocks .
Man with glasses holding boy upside down outside in a stone-filled yard .
Three young boys looking through a window .
Two kids and a woman wave enthusiastically from behind a window .
Two kids are looking through a window with an adult in the back .
Two little boys and their mom smiling on the outside of a window .
Two young children , one wearing a red striped shirt , are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt watches from behind .
Two fluffy white dogs are in the snow .
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow .
Two white dogs walk in a snowy setting.
Two white dogs walking in the snow .
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow .
a black and white dog playing in the snow together.
A black poodle jumping on the head of a white poodle while walking in the snow .
Black dog jumping over a white dog in a snowy path .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two poodles are running through the snow .
A black dog is jumping into the water off a dock .
A black dog jumping into the water.
A black dog jumps off a pier into a lake .
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water .
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water .
A child is wading through water towards the beach .
A small african boy leaves the ocean while many others continue to play behind him .
A small black child playing in the ocean .
A young boy wades in the ocean .
A young boy walks in the water along a wavy shore .
A boy wearing a black and blue life vest is on a green , wooden boat looking out towards the water .
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat .
A child holds on to the side of a small , weathered , green watercraft on the open sea .
A little boy in a life vest is looking out the side of a boat .
A young boy riding in a green boat .
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass .
A small boy is playing in an open field .
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain .
A young boy in a white shirt in a field.
A young boy wearing a t-shirt and jeans is walking in a grassy field .
A fluffy white dog and two white sheep smell each other .
A small white dog inspects two sheep .
A white dog is sniffing a sheep through a fence .
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence .
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence .
A diagram of a hand is displayed on a wall , behind which a woman studies .
A picture of the anatomy of a hand .
A woman is sitting at a desk near to a window that has a huge picture of a hand painted on it .
A woman is sitting at a table waiting to tell a customer 's fortune .
a woman sitting in the background at a table.
A boat with two fishermen sits peacefully on the lake .
A silhouette of two men in a boat on a misty lake.
Two men in a fishing boat on a river enjoy a pleasant morning .
Two people are in a canoe on a river in misty conditions .
Two people drift in a small boat on a foggy lake with trees in the background .
A group of people are standing on a beach near to a white sunshade .
People in bathing suits are on a beach looking at a landform in the distance .
Two men are watching others on a beach shore .
Two men in speedos on the beach .
Two men stand looking at the ocean at a tropical resort .
A girl in a pink jacket and red hat walking near grass .
A girl wearing a pink coat and red hat walks down a gravel path .
A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road.
A little girl in a pink jacket is walking .
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area .
A black dog is trying to run with its legs buried in the snow .
A black dog with tan markings stands in deep snow ; there is an evergreen to the right .
a dog plays in the snow .
Dog lies in snow .
The dog is trying to outrun the deep snow .
A man is snowboarding and jumping off of a snow hill .
A person in a black jacket is snowboarding during the evening .
A silhouette of a person snowboarding through a pile of snow .
A snowboarder flying off a snow drift with a colorful sky in the background .
The person in the parka is on a snowboard .
The three dogs are running down a snowy track .
Three dogs are running across snow with a tire track in it .
Three dogs are turning direction along a snow tread leading from a low cut field .
Three dogs run in the snow .
Three dogs running on tire tracks in snow .
A child rides a pony while an older child and adult stand next to her .
A girl is riding on a pony with a little girl and a woman standing beside the pony .
A woman and young girl stand next to another young girl sitting on a brown pony .
The children take turns riding the minerature pony with an adult supervising .
Two people are arranged around a horse and its rider .
A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background .
A man sits in the back of a boat that is grounded on the shore of a large body of water .
A man sitting in a canoe on the shore of a lake .
A man sitting in a rowboat.
Man sitting in a beached canoe by a lake .
A girl riding a toy horse in a Spider-Man costume.
A girl with red hair and a Spider-Man suit on is sitting on a toy horse while holding her arms up and her mouth open .
A little redheaded girl wears a Spider-Man suit while riding a play horse .
A young girl in a Spider-Man outfit rides a toy horse .
A young redheaded girl wearing a Spider-Man costume is riding a hobby horse .
a boy and a girl bouncing on a ball.
The children are wearing black tights while hopping .
Two children dressed in black bounce on red and green bouncy balls in a garage .
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls .
Two young children bouncing on balls .
A bike sits atop a rise with mountains in the background .
A man wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his motorbike .
A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
A motocross biker about to descend.
The motorcyclist has reached the summit .
A child is using the bathroom .
A little boy is sitting on a blue toilet with his pants pulled down .
A little boy sitting on a toilet with his head resting on his hands .
A little boy using a blue toilet .
A young boy sitting on a blue toilet .
A man is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another man is standing behind him .
A worker in a blue hard-hat looks on as another man works.
One construction worker in a red shirt watching another construction worker with a hammer fix something .
Two construction workers working on a roof top .
Two workers in yellow vests try to fix something .
A man stands at the edge of the water near the rocks .
A shirtless man in a pink hat is standing on a rocky shore .
A shirtless man in a pink hat stands on a rocky shore .
A shirtless man with a backpack and a hat is standing on a rocky shoreline .
The man in shorts and a hat is standing in the bay beside the ocean .
A dog leaps for a toy on a road .
A man and a dog play with a Frisbee .
A person holding a Frisbee just out of reach of a white dog on a rural road.
Person holding a Frisbee with a white dog jumping for it on a road .
The dog jumps up to get the Frisbee in the man 's hand .
Two white dogs are running on the grass .
Two white dogs are running through the grass .
Two white dogs running in a field.
two white dogs running through the grass.
Two white dogs with cutoff tails running in green grass .
dogs racing.
A group of dogs wearing muzzles running a race .
Four muzzled black and white dogs racing over a jump .
Four white dogs are running and jumping with masks over their mouth .
Four white dogs with muzzles jump over a red wall .
A blue rally car pulls away from the spectators watching from the side of the track .
A car is being driven on a trail while people on both sides of the road look on .
A race car zooms while onlookers watch .
A racing car goes through a dirt course while fans watch .
Blue race car riding on dirt path with onlookers .
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall .
A man in a black hat stands in front of a red wall .
A man wearing all black and a black hat is smiling .
A man with a hat , glasses , jewelry and a jacket stands against an orange wall .
There is a man with glasses and a hat wearing a black suit jacket indoors .
A boy is leaning on a chair whilst another boy pulls him around with a rope .
A child balances on a chair with one arm .
The children play an indoor game .
Two boys in blue clothing are pulling on a rope while one boy is touching a brown chair .
Two boys playing tug of war while one reaches out to chair on left.
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground .
A dog runs outside .
A greyish dog running in the snow .
a pitbull running in the snow.
The brown dog is running through the snow.
A boy does a cannonball into a pool while a girl watches .
A boy jumping off of a diving board while a girl watches .
A boy jumps into a pool while a girl watches .
A girl in a swimming pool looks on while a boy in a mask jumps in from a diving board .
There is a kid jumping off a diving board into a pool .
A dog biting the tail of a cow .
A dog chasing an animals tail on the grass .
A small animal leaps behind a larger animal , the larger animal 's tail obscuring the smaller one 's face .
A small dog chases after a large brown cow .
A tan animal is being swatted in the face by a brown and white bull .
A boy in dark blue clothes is kneeling while holding a toy .
A boy playing with toys in a bedroom .
A boy plays in his bedroom with an air powered rocket .
A boy plays with some toys in the house with a blue chair in the background .
a young boy wearing a blue outfit playing with a rocket .
A baby in winter clothes plays outside .
A small child wearing winter clothes smiles while standing in the snow .
A smiling boy in winter clothes waves his mittened hands outside a building in the snow .
A young child dressed for cold weather is outside .
The child is wearing warm clothing outside in the winter .
Two dogs are walking on a rugged path , one with a blue rope tied to a red object in its mouth .
Two dogs play in a grassy area with a red and blue toy .
Two dogs playing keep-away with red toy on blue string .
Two dogs play with a red plastic toy in the tall grass .
Two dogs walking through nature .
The three children are playing in a fountain .
Three children are playing at a sprinkler park .
Three children play in a water park .
Three kids stand in an array of water fountains .
Three people are wading in shallow water near a stone path and spraying fountains .
A boy wearing a red shirt dumps water out of a yellow bucket onto a girl 's head .
A little boy and a little girl play together in the water .
A young boy at a water park pouring a bucket water on a young girl in a swimsuit .
The boy is pouring a bucket of water over a girl 's head .
Two young children play with water in a fountain .
A boy slides down a snowy hill in an innertube .
A boy snow tubing on a green , blue , and yellow colored tube .
A child laughs while tubing down the snowy mountain .
A small child in an orange , white and black coat coming down a snowy hill on an innertube .
a small child racing down a snowy hill on an innertube.
A brown dog and two white dogs are bounding after a ball .
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt .
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball .
two white dogs and one brown dog jumping through the dirt after a tennis ball .
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball .
A little girl dances in a grassy field , another girl is in the background .
A little girl in a white blouse and blue pants frolics on the grass .
A little girl in blue panes dances on the grass .
A small girl standing on one leg in the grass , with another child in the background .
There are two small children playing in a yard .
Two Asian cheerleaders are facing forward waving silver pom-poms , whilst other cheerleaders are performing facing the other way .
Two asian cheerleaders are holding out silver pompoms .
Two asian girls cheerleading for a sporting event.
Two girls dressed in light brown wearing black neckties hold foil pom poms while doing a routine with others .
Two young girl cheerleaders wearing a khaki shirt with a black tie cheering .
A man in a white boat is rowing through fog .
A man in his boat on the lake.
A man is riding in a boat on the water .
A man sits in a rowboat alone on foggy water .
Man in a small white boat on a lake .
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture .
A man in a red jacket is standing by a bicycle and trailer in a city street .
A man on the street standing by his bicycle .
A man standing beside his bicycle on the street .
The man is wearing a red jacket and standing next to a bicycle .
A brown dog is on top of a triangular structure .
A brown dog is running down a slope while a man follows beside him .
A brown lab dog runs over an obstacle on a course .
Brown dog runs down ramp .
The large , dark colored dog is doing a climbing stunt outdoors , while a man watches .
A black dog runs in front of a large brown and white bull .
A dog and a cow play together inside the fence .
a small black dog growling at a large brown and white cow .
Running dog and cow in fenced area .
The dog is running around the cow .
A few people standing on top of a mountain taking pictures .
a group of people peering over the edge of a large rocky mountain.
Several people on top of a mountain look down at the ground .
The mountain are light tan in color .
Three people sitting on a cliff .
A child in a lake .
A little kid is starring into a body of water .
A small girl with a necklace is swimming .
A wet child stands in chest deep ocean water .
The child has a necklace on and is in the water .
Dogs participating in a race .
Five dogs racing at night .
Greyhound are racing on a track , and number eight is making a run for first.
The dogs ran around the dirt racetrack .
The greyhound dogs are racing along a dirt path with buildings nearby .
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water .
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water .
A SCUBA diver swims in deep blue water .
A scuba diver swims underwater while wearing fins .
The scuba diver floats underwater looking at the beauty of the sea .
A man in a paddle boat on a lake .
A man is rowing a canoe on a lake .
A man is rowing on his boat through very still water .
A old man canoeing with green Lilly pads .
The man in the brown cap is paddling a boat on calm river .
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court .
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court .
A boy stands overlooking a schoolyard where other children play .
A boy watches his classmates play in a courtyard , looking from above .
A little boy is standing above a structure and watching the other boys play a game .
A brown dog is about to jump .
A dog runs through the grass .
a little brown dog running through a field of grass.
Tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting .
The large , brownish dog is running through a grassy area .
A brown dog is swimming and splashing in the water .
a dog swimming through the water.
A dog swims in the aqua water .
a tan dog swimming in some water.
Brown dog splashing into the water .
Adults , and children in school uniforms , move through a flock of pigeons .
A pair of children in uniforms running through a flock of pigeons .
Children in uniforms chase pigeons .
Schoolchildren chase some pigeons .
Two children in school uniforms chasing birds on a brick paved street .
A girl messily eats a plate of pasta .
A little girl in a high chair is messily eating spaghetti .
A little girl makes a mess on her hand and face while eating in her baby chair .
A young girl sits in a high chair and eats red food while making a mess .
The girl eating spaghetti is wearing a red jacket .
A brown dog appears to be operating a computer .
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard .
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer .
A dog with a red bandanna has its paws on a laptop 's keyboard and is looking up .
The brown dog with a red bandanna is sitting with its paws up on the computer .
A person crouches at the end of a dock on a lake .
A person is squatting at the end of a pier near a lake .
A person with a red backpack squatting at the end of a dock .
a single person squated down at the edge of a pier overlooking a lake.
I am squatting on a dock , looking into a lake .
A city street with two ladies that have shopping bags in their hands with a crowd behind them .
A woman in a hat holding a handbag smiles away from another woman wearing sunglasses and holding a shopping bag .
People are standing on the Hollywood walk of fame .
two older women walking down the busy street with shopping bags.
Two women dressed in leather are standing on a city street .
A child playing in the beach sand during a sunset .
A child playing in the sand of a beach with the sun low on the horizon .
A person on the beach beside the ocean at sunset .
Image of a sunset at the beach with a kid in the foreground .
Someone paddles a small boat across a still lake at sunset .
A cyclist wearing a red helmet is riding on the pavement .
A girl is riding a bike on the street while wearing a red helmet .
A person on a bike wearing a red helmet , riding down a street .
A woman wears a red helmet and blue shirt as she goes for a bike ride in the shade .
Person in blue shirt and red helmet riding bike down the road.
A brown and black dog laying on a grey plushie in front of a TV showing breaking news .
A dog in a living room laying on a stuffed animal with a television in the background .
A small dog grinding against a stuffed animal .
A small dog laying on a stuffed animal in front of a TV.
Dog climbing on stuffed animals indoors , background TV shows breaking news .
A baby cries in a woman 's arms .
A baby in a red shirt is crying while an adult holding the baby mocks it .
A baby wearing red begins to cry as a woman makes a face at it .
a little baby cries in his moms arms .
A woman is holding onto a baby that looks like he 's about to cry .
A boy is laying his head on the lap of the person who is sitting at a desk .
A boy leaning against somebody on a booth seat looking under the table .
A child leans on an adult 's lap while peaking underneath a table at a booth .
A little boy lying down looking under a table .
A view from under a table of a young boy laying in an older person 's lap .
a dog chases a red ball .
A small dog runs to catch a ball .
A while dog chases a red ball in the yard of a building across the way from a barn .
A white and brown dog is catching a red ball in its mouth .
Little dog chases ball at farm.
a black dog runs through the black mud .
A dark brown dog running on a muddy beach , a person in yellow pants following him .
A dirt dog runs down a muddy shore .
A dog running and jumping in the mud , with a person walking behind it .
A dog runs on wet sand as a man in yellow pants walks further back .
a boy in a red shirt , in front of a long blue wall , raises his eyebrow at the camera.
A boy in a red shirt with stripes standing near a blue , brick wall with handicap signs .
An African American boy stands in front of a blue building in the handicapped space .
The boy in the orange shirt looks backwards .
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall .
A dog runs through the woods near a cottage .
A little orange cabin with a white dog running near it in the woods .
Orange building in the woods surrounded by trees with white dog running away from it .
The white dog is running on the grass near a small house .
White dog running away from the orange colored house .
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale .
A black dog jumps over rolled hay .
A black dog with white paws is jumping on hay bales .
A black dog with white paws jumping from a bale of hay .
Black dog jumps from hay ball to hay ball .
Skiiers are walking through the snow near the mountains .
Skiiers moving along a trail .
Some skiers at a resort .
The skiers are in front of the lodge .
two people ski in the mountains .
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch .
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race .
A boy runs while another family is standing by .
A group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run .
A young boy is running a race .
A shot of a ski resort next to a mountain .
a ski resort.
People skiing down a slope .
Several people at a ski area with the pine trees and a large snowy mountain in the background .
Skiers are on the snow near to the resort buildings below the mountain range .
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby .
A black dog running along the water.
A dog and two birds .
A dog runs along the shore of a pond with two elegant geese swimming .
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water.
At least 4 people swim in shallow water that grows deeps towards a bridge .
Children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a foot bridge in the background .
Kids playing in the water in front of a wooden bridge .
Two children playing in a lake.
Two children playing in a river near a wooden bridge .
A man in a striped shirt tugging something away from a dog .
A man playing with a small dog .
A man tries to get a toy away from a small dog .
An man plays with a little dog with a plush toy .
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog .
A girl holds something while three dogs beg .
A woman stands in a field surrounded by three attentive gray dogs .
The woman and three dogs are in a field .
Three brown dogs are jumping up at the woman wearing blue .
Three grey dogs jump at a woman .
A dirt biker pushes his motorcycle up a rock while another rider watches .
A man in red on a dirt bike struggles up a rock while another man in red watches .
A man in red pushes his motocross bike up a rock .
A man is looking on as another man attempts to climb a small boulder with his dirt bike .
A red-clad man rides a bike through rocky ground while another man looks on.
Dogs race on a track .
Dogs racing at the racetrack .
Dogs racing in dirt .
Horse number 8 is racing.
The white dog has a blue shirt on and is behind a black dog with a rellow shirt on .
A boy running through a grassy area in a park .
A boy with red shoes runs across a field .
A little boy in shorts and blue t-shirt runs on the grass .
A young boy running on a field.
Little boy in blue shirt and gray shorts running at a park .
A bunch of people swimming in water .
A group of children in the ocean .
A group of youngsters swim in lake water.
Many children are playing and swimming in the water .
Several people swim in a body of water .
A lady is swinging and smiling .
A person swinging on a swing.
kid swinging on a swing.
Person on swing.
This girl is having so much fun on the swing !.
A boy is flying down a snow covered slope on his sled .
A boy watches another person falling in the snow .
A snowboarder crashes into another .
a young boy falling down into the snow with another boy in the background.
Two children play in the snow with a sled .
A bearded man wearing a bandanna is pointing his finger whilst riding a bicycle .
A man bicycles down the street and points his finger.
A man holds an object with his hand while riding his bike down the street .
A man with long hair riding a bicycle gives the peace sign .
Man in blue shirt and black cap riding bike down street flashing peace sign.
A boy in a wetsuit on a crowded beach.
A boy is wearing a wetsuit on a crowded beach .
A boy wearing a black wetsuit stands on a crowded beach .
a boy wears a wetsuit at the beach .
child wearing a hat at the beach.
a group of mostly nude children playing on a bridge over some water .
A group of young boys , one naked , play around a rickety bridge .
Children climbing and standing on a wooden bridge over water .
People walking on an old wooden bridge over the water , one of them is a toddler , while others play under the bridge.
There are naked children playing on a wood bridge .
a group of people are crossing a river.
A group of people are wading though a stream between steep rocky cliffs .
People wading in a river .
Several people are wading in a river in a deep gorge .
Several people wading in the water at the bottom of a ravine .
An extremely wet woman is wading in front of a waterfall .
A woman dressed in shorts and a t-shirt walking in shallow water in front of a waterfall .
A woman wading through a pool in front of a waterfall .
The lady is walking through the water .
Wet woman walking through water near a large waterfall .
A boy takes a football from another boy .
On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids .
Several boys are playing football in the grass .
three boys play football in the grass .
Three kids are resting after playing football.
A group of people are jumping into the air with their arms held high .
A group of people in a desert jumping , one throwing a ball .
A group of six people have jumped into the air in the middle of nowhere and one is catching a ball .
Six people are jumping in the air , one of them throwing a ball .
Six people jump for ball .
A little girl and boy play in the sand on the beach .
A young boy and girl play together in the sand .
boy and girl make a sand castle.
Two children build a sand castle on the beach .
two kids building a sand castle.
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains .
A person skis with their dog .
A woman cross-country skiing , with a brown dog .
a woman skiing down a snowy mountain with a brown dog on a lesh running with her.
The brown dog pulls a skier across snow-covered ground .
Boys and adults at a soccer game .
Children playing soccer on a field while parents watch .
Two kids are photographed playing soccer in a field .
Two kids are running in a soccer game .
Young boys are running around a field during a soccer game .
A woman is climbing a volleyball net on a beach as two others watch .
Girl climbs volleyball net at beach.
People hanging up a volleyball net .
People put up a volleyball net at the beach .
The girl in the brown shirt is hanging onto a blue pole .
The two girls ride together on the bicycle while sightseeing .
Two girls on a tandem bicycle , looking at wall art .
Two woman ride a bicycle together as they pass a painting on a wall .
two women on a red two seater bike looking at a painting on wall.
Two women riding a tandem bicycle go by a wall painting .
A business man and a security guard are smiling and talking outside a glass building .
A man and a guard laugh together .
A man and a police officer are smiling at the photographer .
a man and a police officer talk to each other .
A man in a suit and an officer smile for the camera .
Two brown dogs trot along frozen ground in a rural setting .
Two dogs play out in the snow covered grass .
Two dogs run through a snow-patched desert .
Two golden retrievers running in a slightly snowy desert .
Two golden retrievers running in a snow dusted field .
The two men wearing ties stand in front of the " Sound of Kildare " bus .
Two men in suits , one wearing a silver medal , stand in front of a blue bus .
Two men in suits standing in front of a bus , one is wearing a medal .
Two men step off the bus together .
Two older men in front of a bus .
a boy is aiming a bow and arrow at a target .
A boy is firing a gun at a bullseye attached to a hay barrel .
A boy taking aim at a target on a bale of hay with his bow and arrow .
A young archer aims his bow at a haystack target .
Boy wearing jeans aiming bow and arrow toward target on a hay bale .
A man wearing a black hat walks along a road next to a building .
An older man in a long sleeved black shirt is walking down a cobblestone street alone .
a old man walks down the uncrowded road .
A person walking in front of a building .
The man is walking near a brown building .
A baby boy sucks on the sweater arm of the woman holding him .
A baby in a green bib with arms around him .
A baby in a high chair .
A baby is sitting in his high chair between a person 's arms .
The baby is holding someone 's arm .
A man grabs the end of a set of bagpipes while another man plays .
A man is playing blowing into bagpipes whilst another man tests the tone with an electronic tuner .
A man plays a bagpipe while another checks on the instrument .
Two men are wearing black hats and carrying bagpipes .
Two men , one playing a bagpipe and one adjusting the bagpipe .
A dog standing in the shallow part of the ocean while the waves splash around .
A dog standing in the water .
A wrinkled dog wading in shallow water .
The large brown dog is walking through water in the ocean .
The large brown dog stands in the choppy water .
A child riding a scooter indoors .
A girl plays on a red scooter .
Little girl playing on a scooter in her house .
The girl is on a red scooter.
The little girl is riding her red scooter .
A man is helping a young girl off a ride at an amusement park .
A man is holding a young child 's hand at a fair .
A man taking a child on a ride at a fair .
An amusement park .
The man in shorts holds the girl 's hand as he leads her along the fence .
A man climbing a cliff face .
A man climbs a sheer cliff face .
A man climbs a steep rock wall using safety ropes .
A man clings to the side of a rock face .
A man is rock climbing with no noticable harness .
a climber is reaching for a large crack in the rock face .
A man in a white t-shirt and blue shorts is rock climbing up a sheer face.
A man reaches high to help him during his rock climb .
A man rock climbing.
A man with a white shirt climbing the side of a cliff .
A brown dog is running through an obstacle course .
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle .
A dog runs through an obstacle course .
A small dog jumping over hurdles .
The brown dog is jumping over a low rail in a grassy yard .
A girl falling down in the snow as another looks on .
A girl in a purple shirt , covered in snow , sliding down a snowy hill .
A girl in motion on snow-covered ground .
A young girl is sliding down a snowbank .
A young girl plays in the snow wearing gloves and no coat .
A man jumps off a ramp on a snowboard .
A snowboarder high in the air .
A snowboarder jumps through the air on their snowboard .
Snowboarder flies off of snowy jump , mountains in background .
The snowboarder is in the middle of a very tall jump.
A brown and white dog is jumping up , with a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog , holding a stick .
A brown dog with green collar holding a stick in its mouth .
A dog in a green collar fetches a stick from the dead leaves .
The brown and white dog with a green collar is biting a stick .
A girl in a blue jacket holding a pink bottle in the front of a crowd of other kids .
A girl in a blue jacket stands in front of a drab crowd while they watch something .
Girl with blue jacket holding purple jug in crowd.
Teen girl in foreround with crowd faded out in background.
The girl in the blue coat is holding a purple capped water bottle .
A dog running on green grass with its mouth open and tongue hanging out .
A dog runs across the grass .
A dog runs across the grassy field .
A white , black , and brown dog runs in a field .
a white dog is running with its mouth open across the grass .
A man is pulling a cart on wheels loaded with nets and is in front of the Ocean Blue Company .
A man pulling around some odd thing on wheels .
A person walks with an artistic contraption in front of the Ocean Blue Company .
Man pulling a cart in the street .
The man in the hat and sandals is pulling a cart behind him .
A brown and white dog plays with a soccer ball on snowy ground .
A dog is playing with a football in the snow .
Large brown dog playing with soccer ball in snow.
The pitbull returns the chewed up soccer ball in the snow .
This brown pitbull is carrying a soccer ball in his mouth .
A closeup of a teenage girl wearing red beads .
A girl with a Gonzaga sweatshirt and red beads smiles .
a teenager is wearing a grey hooded top and some red beads around her neck .
A young woman with light brown hair wearing a red beaded neclace , a Gonzaga sweatshirt and earrings stands smiling .
Young blond woman with red beads , gray sweatshirt marked GONTAGA .
a boy runs through the grass .
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over grass .
A little boy in a green soccer uniform is running on the grass .
A little boy wearing a green soccer strip is running on the grass .
Boy wearing a green and white soccer uniform running through the grass .
A boy is sitting on a brightly colored chair next to a child 's book playing a guitar .
A toddler is sitting on a red checked chair whilst playing a guitar .
A young child is sitting in a colorful chair with a guitar in his hands and a book sitting next to him .
A young child playing guitar on the chair.
Young barefoot boy playing a guitar setting in a large muti colored chair with a picture of three pigs beside him .
a female surfer.
A woman in a wetsuit aids a fish in need of attention .
A woman in a wetsuit in surfing in the ocean .
A young woman wearing a wetsuit is in the ocean .
The surfer is wearing a black body suit while picking up her board .
Two children in the woods near a pond .
Two children standing near a wheelbarrow are looking at the lake in front of them .
Two kids in winter clothing play near a lakefront .
Two kids look into the forest.
Two people stand near a red wheelbarrow .
A black dog about to catch a flying disc .
A black dog is attempting to catch a thrown object that is red .
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee .
A fast black and white dog is running to catch a red Frisbee .
Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee .
A girl in a frilly pink dress , dancing on grass .
A toddler in a pink dress walks through the grass .
A young girl dressed in a princess costume dress.
A young girl dressed up in a princess costume outside .
The young girl standing on the grass is wearing a pink dress .
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings .
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building .
A man stands by a building because there is snow and ice on the ground nearby .
a man wearing a jean jacket ND a pair of jeans walking next to a red brick building .
man walking next to building on path clear of snow.
A boy in a fancy living room jumps from couch to couch .
A little boy in a yellow shirt and green shorts jumping on the couch .
A young boy leaps from one couch to another .
A young boy wearing a yellow shirt is jumping from chair to couch .
Young boy wearing a yellow shirt jumps onto the brown couch .
A lady stands in the middle of a crowd wearing white gloves .
A woman tilts her face upward and lifts her white gloved hand.
A woman wearing a white glove peers over the crowd .
A woman with a white glove and several others .
A woman with brown hair wearing white gloves .
A blond girl earring Groucho Marx glasses .
A girl in pink wears a funny nose mask .
A little girl is smiling whilst wearing a fake nose and glasses .
Blonde girl with pink top smiling while wearing funny glasses with large nose .
Blond little girl wearing novelty glasses .
A child in red is guided by an adult .
A child in red , wearing rollerskates is being pushed along by an adult in black .
An adult is assisting a child in the act of ice-skating .
Child in red coat gets help with ice skating .
Older person is helping a child on ice skates .
a boy in a red jacket is jumping in the sand.
A child is wearing a red shirt and raising their arms .
A child plays on the dirt .
A small child jumps high above a sandy field .
Boy in red jumping forward on sand , hill in background .
a long bicyclist wearing a white helmet riding down a mountain path.
A man riding a bike down a hill .
A person on a bike coming down off a wooded hill .
A woman is riding a bicycle through a forest .
Person riding bicycle down dirt hill in wooded area.
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera.
A little girl in pink pajamas tries to operate a camera .
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom .
Small girl in pink clothing holding a camera in her hands .
The girl in the pink sweater is playing with a camera whilst being watched by the woman on the couch.
A little Jewish boy is watching an old man playing the violin in a park .
An old man playing a violin at a park as a young boy watches .
An old man playing the violin is being watched by a child .
Little boy watching an old man play violin in the park .
The young boy listens to the elderly gentleman playing violin at the park .
A couple sits at a cramped table in a busy restaurant .
A couple sits at a table for lunch in a mall .
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant .
A man and woman sit at a table inside a fast food restaurant .
The man wearing black makes a face as the woman across from him speaks .
a elderly lady and a middleaged man talk over a table .
A man and woman sit across from each other at a restaurant table .
A young man and an older woman sitting together in a restaurant .
Man with older woman , seated at table in sunny , crowded area .
The man and the woman are sitting at a table in a food court .
A beige puppy walks across the floor .
A small puppy rungs towards the camera .
A white puppy is running on a tiled floor .
puppy running on the floor.
The white dog ran across the tile floor .
A man wearing a red helmet jumps up while riding a skateboard .
A young man wearing a red jacket performs a jump on a red skateboard .
The helmeted boy is doing a stunt on a skateboard .
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park .
Young man is performing a trick on a skateboard in a park .
A boy stands inside a half-completed igloo .
A boy wearing winter clothing in an igloo.
A childing hiding in a snow fort .
a man in a stripy hat is standing in a house built from ice that has a pair of boots in the doorway .
Child inside of large snow fort .
A girl is climbing a rock while someone is filming her .
A little girl is climbing up a rock as her mom 's shadow is casting over the rock .
A small child climbs a large rock while someone casting a shadow takes her picture .
A young girl is rock climbing .
The long black shadow casts a image on the rock while the young girl climbs the rock .
a boy is kissing a woman on the cheek next to a girl who is wide eyed and sticking out her tongue .
A mother and two children are posing with funny faces .
An adult with two kids , one child making a face and the other kissing the adult 's cheek .
Boy kissing woman and girl sticking out her tongue.
Mother with two boys , one acting goofy and the other giving her a kiss .
A black dog is running across a field .
A black dog is running in a field of grass and another black dog can be seen behind him .
The two black dogs are running through the grass .
Two black dogs are running in the grass together .
Two black dogs run through a field .
A Golden Labrador is swimming through water with a red toy in its mouth .
A white dog swimming while holding a orange toy in his mouth .
A white dog swims in the water while holding a red object in its mouth .
A white dog swims through the water with a red toy .
a yellow dog swimming in the water with something red in his mouth.
A girl in a bathing suit carries a paddle .
A little girl holds a wooden stick .
A young girl is pouting her lips and holding a long-handled tool .
The little girl in the black and red top is holding a long wooden stick .
The little girl is holding up a stick .
A girl in a pink shirt jumping from one couch to another in a well apportioned living room .
a little girl in a pink cardigan is jumping from the couch .
A little girl in a pink shirt has jumped into the air in her house .
A little girl jumps through the air to land on the sofa .
Girl jumps from couch to couch .
A group of boys pose for a picture .
A group of boys pose for a picture on a crowded street .
A group of young Middle Eastern kids posing for the picture.
Children smiling and making faces to the camera .
five boys smile for the picture .
A baby in campflauge crawls on a clean hardwood floor .
A small boy wearing pajamas crawls across the floor .
A young child is on all fours inside .
Boy in camouflage crawls on floor .
little boy in Cami crawling on brown floor.
A woman holding and posing an infant dressed in a hawaiin shirt on a skateboard .
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach.
A woman holds a small infant over a skateboard at the beach .
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach .
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach .
A lady in orange is running .
A woman in an orange jacket and orange glasses is jogging .
A woman in a red jacket and orange glasses is jogging .
A woman in orange sunglasses jogs .
A woman in red with a black headband running on a street with three other people in the background .
A dark haired boy in a gold shirt is inside a piece of blue plastic play equipment .
A little boy in a yellow jersey playing in a playgym .
A small boy plays in a plastic blue tunnel toy .
Baby crawling inside a toy .
Little boy in yellow shirt is climbing out of a plastic playground tunnel .
A kid walks on a snowy hill with their arms out .
a little boy plays in the snow .
A toddler in a red jacket is balancing on top of snow .
A young child wearing orange balances on a snowy ledge .
The little boy in black and orange walks through the snow .
A dog with tiger colorings steps into the water .
A large dog stands in the water .
A medium sized animal in a lake.
Dog in water , looking over shoulder at camera .
Grayhound dog standing in still water .
A roller derby woman wearing a helmet has a tattoo of a white Indian pulling back a bow .
a woman wearing a pink crash helmet has a tattoo of a native American on her shoulder .
The lady has a tattoo .
This helmeted person has a tattoo of an indian lady on their arm .
Woman with red crash helmet and Native American tattoo on her arm .
A group of large white and orange dogs are in the grass .
Dogs play with stick.
Four dogs play together outside with sticks .
Four dogs play with each other and with sticks .
The dogs are playing with a stick outside .
A black and brown dog jumping in midair near a field .
A black dog frolics in the snow .
A black dog running .
A jumping black dog .
The black dog leaps a pile of driftwood as he runs the beach .
A bald headed man is standing by the beer pumps at the bar .
A bunch of beer pull tabs at a bar with Christmas lights on the ceiling .
A man in a bar .
A picture of five people at a bar with a closeup on the beer taps .
christmas tree lights hang on the ceiling .
A black and brown dog is standing outdoors at night .
A black dog is standing outside in the dark of night .
A Doberman Pinscher at night.
Black dog in the yard at night .
The black dog is standing on the grass at night .
A man is wearing protective hair and face coverings .
A man wears a clear plastic cap and face mask .
A man wears a mask around his mouth and a hair net by a brick wall .
a young man with a hairnet over his hair and his mouth wearing a black jacket .
Young man wearing hair net on head and face.
A man is sitting on the floor outside a door and his head on his chin .
A man sits against a yellow wall wearing all black .
A man wearing a dark blue hat sits on the ground and leans against a building .
Man with black hat , coat , and pants sitting next to the door of a building .
The man in the black hat is sitting on the floor beside the green door .
A black cat hugging a white and gray dog .
A black cat playing with a white puppy next to a duck toy .
A black cat wrestles with a white dog who has blue eyes .
A dog and a cat are playing on a wooden floor .
A husky and a black cat nuzzling .
A boy in a red shirt sits on a rock on the edge of a river .
A child on a rock in a stream .
A girl sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water.
Child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water .
One boy sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water .
A dog begins to climb a brick staircase near plants .
A dog climbing stone stairs surrounded by plants .
A dog climbs steps near plants .
A dog runs up some outdoor steps .
A small dog going up concrete stairs near many plants .
a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue .
A boy plays with a dog and a Frisbee .
A dog with a Frisbee in its mouth chasing a boy in a field .
A red shirted boy and a black dog with a Frisbee run in the green grass .
The small boy is running in front of a black dog with a Frisbee in its mouth .
A brown dog on the beach with a yellow ball in his mouth .
a dog runs in the water with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A tan dog runs at the beach carrying a yellow ball .
A yellow dog carries a ball in its mouth on the beach .
The yellow dog walks on the beach with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog gets ready to catch a yellow ball while standing in the sand .
A dog trying to catch a tennis ball .
A dog watches a tennis ball on the beach .
A gold dog is on the beach and is looking at the tennis ball in the air .
a golden dog tries to catch a ball.
A man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building .
A man in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .
A man in a red shirt is standing with two fitls in front of an old structure .
A man poses outside a tourist location .
A man wearing a sleeveless shirt and sunglasses standing next to two children .
Two big dogs wade in the ocean.
Two dogs are wading in a river .
Two dogs play in the water .
Two dogs wade in the water .
Two dogs walk in a body of water .
A man watching two dogs in the water .
Man on a pier looks at two dogs standing in shallow water .
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock .
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock .
Two dogs wade through shallow water while a man watches from a dock .
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms .
A brown and white dog running in a field of grass .
A brown and white dog runs on brownish grass .
The dog is running in a field .
The dog is running in the grass .
A clown blowing a whistle .
A man with his face painted white is blowing a whistle .
A person in white makeup and clothes blowing a whistle .
A teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint , ear muffs , and a yellow hat while another teen watches .
Man with a painted white face blowing a whistle .
A few people stand around the counter of an establishment .
A group of men stand in line in a dimly-lit restaurant bar .
A group of people standing in a bar .
Man wearing a red shirt is waiting in line at a restaurant .
This man is the red shirt is waiting at a restaurant .
a black and brown dog running in a field.
a brown and black dog running across a grassy field.
A dog jogs through the grass .
A tan and black dog walks happily through a field .
The large brown dog is walking through the green grass .
A man and a little girl walking down the street .
A man and girl hold hands walking down the street .
A man and little girl walk next to a sign about crime .
A man in a black jacket is holding a little girl 's hand while walking down the city street.
The man in the black jacket is holding the little girl 's hand as they pass a yellow sign .
A boy in a red uniform plays hockey outside .
The two boys are wearing ice skates and hockey equipment .
Two children are playing hockey on a frozen pond.
Two young children play hockey on ice .
Two young children skate across the ice holding hockey sticks .
A man is carrying a surfboard along a stone wall that leads to the ocean .
Man in green swim trunks carrying a surfboard along a rock wall to the ocean .
Surfers walking along a seawall as the ocean churns around them .
Two surfers carry their boards to the end of a walkway to join the others in the water .
Two surfers walk along a rock wall to reach the waves .
A man in a tropical enviorment holding a camera to his face .
A man in blue takes a photo of the person taking a photo of him .
A man taking a picture with a silver camera .
Man in a blue shirt with a camera .
The man is outdoors , holding a camera .
The rock climbers are on their equipment in front of a cave .
Two people hang from safety ropes over a giant cliff .
Two people hanging on a rope over a cliff .
Two people lower themselves into a cave with long ropes .
two people repel down into a hole .
A man and two women standing by a wood pole in front of steps .
Three students standing together in front of a stairway .
Three young adults look towards the camera in a school setting .
Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets and smiling .
Two women and a man smile for the camera .
A man in jeans lying down on a pole outdoors .
A man in jeans reclines while another watches .
A man lays on a wood ramp while another holds a fishing pole .
Man in blue shirt and jeans lying on some boards with a man fishing in the background .
Man laying on a platform outside on some rocks .
A woman in a animal print coat standing next to a smoking woman .
Two women are standing and one of them is smoking .
Two women outside and one is smoking.
Two young women standing outside a blue door , one smoking a cigarette .
Tw woman stand outside a building , and one is smoking .
A black and white dog frolics in the snow .
A black and white dog is climbing stairs in the snow .
A black and white dog walks in the snow .
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps .
A dog walks on rocks covered by snow.
A woman in a purple dress plays with her hair while waiting in a lobby .
A woman in a purple dress rubs her head as other people look on .
People are gathered at a bar .
The woman in the purple dress is looking towards the people at the door with her hand running through her hair .
Woman at bar looks on at another woman being approached by a man.
A baby swimming in a pool held up by an adult .
A small baby with his mouth open in a green diaper being held in the water .
A young child is being taught to swim in a pool .
Baby in the water being held up by an adult 's arms .
Baby in water , held by hands of person out of shot .
A child stoops to pick up a watermelon from a large pile of them .
A little girl picking up a watermelon from a pile .
A small girl dressed in a yellow dress with flowers on it bends over near a large pile of watermelons .
A small girl stands among many large watermelons .
a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons.
A bunch of asian children on steps .
A large group of Asian children sit on or stand near steps .
Group of children in blue uniforms sitting on steps .
Little children in school uniforms congregate on the steps .
Many school children dressed in the same uniform are sitting on stairs .
A baby with an airplane on his shirt sits in a high chair .
a boy sits in his seat .
A little boy in a beige outfit .
A toddler is sitting down .
Toddler boy wearing airplane shirt , in stroller with large beads .
Two bald men on a park bench wearing small yellow traffic cones .
Two dads take a break at the birthday party .
Two men wearing cone hats sit on a wooden bench .
Two men wearing yellow caution cones as hats and one is about to get hit with a ball to the head .
Two men with strange hats sit on a bench .
A brown dog is jumping over a pole with fire on the ends .
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end .
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end .
A tan dog is jumping over a hurdle that is on fire on the ends.
A yellow dog is jumping over a flaming hurdle .
A brown dog jumps through three hoops .
A dog is jumping through hoops held by people .
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop .
A medium size dog is jumping through hoops which are being held by men .
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops .
A brown dog is jumping in the air near a pink-coated girl .
A girl stands with a brown dog outside .
a large brown dog standing on his hind legs next to a woman .
A large dog is jumping up at the girl wearing a pink jacket .
A woman is standing in front of a dog that 's standing on its hind legs .
Children stretch outside .
Two boys hold their feet in their hands while balancing on one foot .
Two boys in running clothes stretching .
Two boys standing holding the ankle of one crossed leg .
two young man holding one leg in their hand.
A baby sits in a black and white chair and puts its fingers up its nose .
A baby with food smeared on its face and two fingers up its nose .
A baby with its fingers up its nose .
A baby with two fingers up its nose , covered in chocolate pudding.
A young baby with food on her face in a purple shirt and both fingers up her nose.
a group of greyhound dogs in a race leaving the gate.
Greyhounds race on a track .
many dogs race around the track .
The dogs are ready to race and are all wearing their muzzles .
The racing greyhounds have broken from the starting gate .
A beautiful sunset with three people in a boat on the lake .
As the sunsets 3 people are on a small boat enjoying the view.
Three people are in a canoe on a calm lake with the sun reflecting yellow .
Three people are on a boat in the middle of the water while the sun is in the back .
Three people in a boat float on the water at sunset .
A man among steep and snowy mountains .
Someone hikes down a steep , frozen mountainside .
The grass has ice on it and there is a mountain in the background .
The man is climbing up a steep snowy mountain .
The person is high on a mountain during sunset .
A group of dogs run down a dry field .
Four dogs run in a field behind a barn .
Four dogs run toward a tennis ball while another stands in the background .
several diferent colored dogs running through the grass.
The dogs are playing with a tennis ball in the yard .
A man in a black jacket and jeans stands in front of a brick wall .
A man wearing jeans and a backpack stands on the sidewalk .
A man with backpack stands in front of a brown brick wall .
A man with glasses and a red backpack standing in front of a brick wall.
The man in the black jacket is waiting .
Two people are walking in a desert .
Two people are walking through the sand .
Two people , one with a black jacket and one with a blue headscarf , are walking along a desert-like area .
two people walking along a huge desert with a statue in the distance .
Two people walk out onto the desert sand .
A young girl in a green shirt is running in a gym .
A young girl in a green shirt playing basketball .
Children run inside a court .
The young basketball player moves into the front court .
two team players wearing green shirts running along the court .
A man surfs by the Golden Gate bridge on a foggy day .
A surfer rides a wave under a red bridge .
A surfer by a bridge in foggy conditions.
A surfer under a bridge .
Man surfing under the Golden Gate Bridge on a foggy day .
A child in purple winter gear is on a red sled .
A child is sledding on a red sled.
A girl in a purple coat on a red sled coasting down a snowy hill .
A young girl is sliding down a snow slope in a red sled .
Girl wearing purple jacket rides a red snow sled .
A curly haired girl is dragging a grey inflatable raft with a red paddle into the water .
A girl in a yellow headscarf is pulling a boat to the water .
A woman pulls an inflatable boat into the water .
a woman pulls her raft into the water .
Someone is pulling an inflatable boat with an oar in it .
A big black dog carries a blue ball while two Corgis run at his side .
A black doberman , a brown and white corgi and a black , brown and white corgi play with a blue ball on the grass .
Three dogs , one of whom has a blue ball .
Three dogs on grass , one with a blue ball in its mouth .
Three dogs playing with a blue ball .
A child looks at a guard in red uniform from the other side of a fence.
a little boy is watching a palace guard stand outside a little black hut .
A little boy looling over the fence at a guard standing in front of a black shed .
A little kid stands and looks at the military guard who is guarding a building .
A young boy stands and watches a British guardsman .
A brown and black dog are fighting on snow .
Two dogs are playing in the white snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two dogs play in the snow.
Two large dogs play together in the snow .
A guy is staring at a blonde lady in a blue jacket .
A man stands next to a lady with a dog hat .
A man walks next to the girl wearing headphones on a winters day .
A man with glasses and a woman wearing a hat that looks like a dog are outside in the snow .
A woman with a panda hat and headphones is in front of a man outside in the snow .
A little girl is shoveling snow .
A small child dressed all in blue for winter stands holding a red snowshovel with a snow covered mini van behind him .
A small child is shoveling snow with an orange shovel .
A toddler shovels a snowy driveway with a bright orange shovel .
A young child shovels snow .
A beautiful view of the mountains on a snowy day .
A snowy peak .
People walking up a snowy mountain .
The brown mountains have snow on them and there are clouds in the sky .
The mountain climbers set up camp at the apex .
A dog attempting to chew on a red ball .
A dog with a red ball .
A German shepherd is playing with a red ball .
A German Shepherd is playing with a red ball .
a German Sheppard dog bting a large red ball.
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain .
a young blond girl standing in front of a large fenced in fountain.
A young girl standing in front of a fountain.
A young in a white dress standing in front of a fence and fountain .
The little girl in a white dress is standing in front of the large park fountain .
A dog running with a toy in his mouth .
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth .
A yellow dog running through a yard covered in leaves while holding a yellow toy in his mouth .
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth.
The dog has retrieved his toy .
A brown and a black and brown dog are playing in the water and the black one is carrying a long stick in its mouth .
A dog runs through the water with a stick while another dog stands there .
Two dogs are running through a wet , grassy area and one is carrying a long stick .
Two dogs fight over a stick in a flooded field .
Two dogs playing in a flooded field with a stick .
a group of school children walking around outside in their uniforms.
Japanese school children are going to class.
Japanese school girls walk down the street .
People walk along on the street .
Uniformed schoolgirls are walking together on the street .
Four people are lining up to purchase tickets at the theater .
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth .
Four people wait outside in a line for ticket .
The man and woman at the window are turned around to the man and woman behind them .
Two men and two women standing at the window of a ticket booth .
Four bicyclists ride along a dirt road between two wire fences .
Four cyclists on a country trail are passing by an electricity pylon .
The four bicyclists are riding through the desert .
three bikers bike across the dry land .
Three cyclists ride near mountain .
A man in a hat sits outside near some cardboard boxes .
a man plays his guitar on the street .
A man sits on a box and plays a guitar in the street .
A man sits ourdoors next to cardboard boxes and plays an instrument .
An older musician perfoms on the street behind a cardboard box .
A child in red jumps on a red object while others laugh .
A child touching a red plastic object , with a crowd behind him .
A girl in a crowd laughs and climbs on something .
Many children having fun outside near large buildings .
There is a girl in a red jacket smiling with her hand on a red blowup and a crowd behind her .
A girl with dyed red hair wearing striped clothing talking on a cellphone .
A girl with read dreadlocks is talking on the phone .
a red haired girl with a black and white striped shirt talking on a cellphone.
A woman with bright red hair and striped clothing talks on a phone .
A woman with red hair and a black striped shirt talking on the phone .
a man in green holding a camera stands between two of the head statues on Easter island .
A man stands between to large sculptures on a field .
A man stands by two face structures on Easter Island .
A person stands between two giant statues that look like faces .
A person stands next to the Easter Island statues .
A crowd of young people in winter clothing , waiting for the train .
Several people are looking at their phones in a crowded station .
three Japanese people wait for the train .
Three people in an Asian transportation station are all focused on their cellphones .
Three people in jackets , holding bags looking at their phones .
A blond dog walks in a creek with banks filled with snow .
A blonde dog makes his way up an icy stream with snow piled up on the sides .
A tan dog walks down a stream between mounds of snow .
Brown dog walks through river between snowbanks .
The dog walks through the cold water .
A white dog catching a soccer ball midair .
A white dog jumps up to catch a soccer ball in landscaped grassy yard .
A yellow lab jumping up into the air to catch a soccer ball .
Large white dog jumps in the air to catch a black and white soccer ball .
White dog leaping in the air for a soccer ball .
Adults in winter jackets and hats swing brooms at a little yellow ball while a black dog looks on .
A group of people and a dog sweeping snow .
A group of people playing in the snow with brooms .
A group of people with brooms standing in the snow with a dog in the forefront .
Group of people standing on a snow covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the group .
Children play basketball on a court .
four young boys play basketball .
Several children are playing a basketball game on a basketball court .
Three small boys play basketball indoors .
Three small boys playing basketball .
A caravan of green and red vehicles going up a mountain .
A line of green and red dune buggys on a gravel road near rocks and large pine trees .
A line of off road vehicles riding along a trail .
A long line of off-road vehicles on a mountain trail.
Several off-road vehicles are driving down a gravel road .
A man and a dog running across shallow water on a beach .
A man and his dog walk on the ice of a frozen pond .
A man dressed in winter clothes is on the beach wiht a dog .
a man in a brown jacket is running on a sandy bay towards a dog that is in turn running towards him .
The backview of a man dressed up in a jacket and a dog running towards him .
A man and a woman wait to cross a street .
a man talks on his cellphone and another man rides a wheelchair .
A woman crosses the street near a man , who is on his cellphone .
A woman in a coat and a man in a tracksuit talking on a phone cross the street .
A woman tries to cross the road before a man on a red scooter .
An elderly woman in burgundy scratches her face as she observes a young man in a blue jacket and white baseball cap .
An elderly woman is looking at a teenage boy.
A woman scratching her face .
There are two people , a lady with a big ring on her finger , and a boy wearing a blue jacket .
The woman in red clothing is wearing a ring and looking at a boy in blue clothing .
A boy in red is jumping in a playground sand pit .
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox .
A boy in red jumps backward onto the sand at a playground .
A young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .
a young boy wearing a bright red outfit jumping into the sand at a playground .
a boy jumps on the bright colored pillows .
A little boy is jumping on a couch that has a yellow and blue cushion resting on it .
A young boy jumps on the brown couch in his gray and blue Spiderman outfit .
A young child jumping onto a couch .
Little boy wearing gray and blue pajamas jumping on furniture with a blue and a orange pillow under him .
A brown dog and a spotted dog squabble over a dog toy .
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside .
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half .
Two dogs play with a Frisbee .
Two younger dogs biting a Frisbee playfully .
A dog plays in the snow .
A dog , wearing a coat , looks up from the snow .
A small white and grey dog in a jacket standing in the snow .
A white dog in a black coat is standing in the snow .
The white dog stands in the snow wearing a black jacket .
A dark haired man in his twenties drinks a green liquid from a plastic mug .
A distored image of a man drinking a green liquid in a mug .
A man in an oxford shirt drinks from a beer mug in an large tent .
A man sipping a drink .
a single man drinking a mug of green liquid.
A person is reading a magazine on a snowing sidewalk .
A person wearing jeans and a brown coat is reading and smoking on the sidewalk by a road covered with dirty snow .
A woman reads on newspaper on a snow covered street .
A woman smokes a cigarette and looks at a magazine in the middle of a snowy road .
A woman smoking a cigarette is standing next to the road during a wintery day .
A boy stands on a rocky mountain .
A child on a rock formation .
A child sitting on a rock formation .
a little boy sitts on top of a big rock .
A person in a red jacket on top of rocks .
A man dressed in black walks on an icy sidewalk.
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .
A quiet sidewalk in a town with a view of a traffic intersection .
Man walking toward his car on an icy sidewalk in the city .
There is a man dressed in black walking on a sidewalk with melted snow .
A boy playing basketball in a gym.
A young boy holding a basketball about to shoot .
A young boy , playing basketball , is getting ready to take a shot .
The boy in the white jersey is dribbling the orange Wizards basketball .
The little boy in the red shorts is going to shoot a basket .
A busy street of people and two men are wearing no shirts .
A man walks with his shirt off and rolled up pants in a busy city street .
Many people are walking in a crowded street .
The lady watches the man without a shirt .
Young people are walking around a public square on a warm day .
A bunch on people are seated in a stadium .
A crowded stadium is full of people watching an event .
A crowd of people fill up a packed stadium .
A crowd sitting in an indoor stadium .
A stadium full of people watch a game .
Two boys eating apples playing on a cement car barrier.
Two boys with apples leap over a barrier in the street .
Two little boys eating apples climing over a retaining wall .
Two little boys holding apples near the street .
Two young boys with apples hop a concrete barrier .
a boy walks .
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track .
A boy with face paint is running on a track .
a young boy running a race on a track with a painted face.
Boy with a painted face is walking around a track .
An Asian girl and boy playing on with a yellow ball on a black and white floor .
Two children play and one has a beach ball .
Two children play with a ball on the floor .
Two young children playing with each other and a ball .
Young girl in pink dress plays with boy and a ball.
Two big dogs play in the snow under a tree .
Two dogs are playing in the snow next to a tree .
Two dogs are playing with a tennis ball in snow near a tree .
Two dogs play in the snow on the ground near a tree , with one on top of the other .
Two dogs tussle in the snow over a tennis ball .
A Louis Vuitton store window at night .
A woman looks at clothes in a Louis Vuitton store window .
A woman widow shops outside of a Louis Vuitton store .
The woman in black is looking at outfits in a clothing store window .
Woman on the street window shops in front of the store , Louis Vuitton .
A bird sits in a leafless tree .
A bird sits in a tree .
a black bird sits in a dead tree .
A black bird sitting in a leafless tree .
A grey dove in a bare tree .
a lone man climbing the side of a large rock wall .
A man is on the side of a mountain and hiking around huge rocks .
A man stands on the rocky ledge of a large cliff .
A person stands atop a rock face .
The man is on the mountainside .
A man is abseiling down a cliff over the ocean .
A man is repelling down a cliff next to a lake .
A man is repelling down the side of a mountain over the ocean .
A person is swinging by a cord over the ocean .
A person rappelling a cliff above a body of water .
A person climbing down a rocky cliffside with water below .
A person repelling on the side of a cliff face .
A person wearing black with a white helmet is going down a mountainside with water below .
Extreme climbing over ocean.
Looking down on someone climbing a cliff over water .
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a " no skiing " sign .
Three people in skiing gear are standing behind a " no skiing " sign .
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign .
Three people standing in the snow behind a No Skiing sign .
Three people stand , ready to ski , next to a no skiing sign .
A man in blue pants repels off a cliff over water .
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water .
An individual rappelling down a cliff towards the water.
A person hangs from a rope on a cliff.
Someone dangles on a rope from a rocky cliff over the ocean .
A man does technical rock climbing .
A man dressed in all black is climbing down a mountain supported by cords.
A man is climbing the side of a cliff .
a man wearing a white helmet is abseiling down a sandy colored rock face .
A rock climber with a white helmet is repelling .
A black and white dog is running through the sand at a beach .
A black and white dog playing in the sand .
A dog bounding across the sandy landscape in front of people watching .
A dog lunges across a beach .
Black dog running across dirt .
A child holds a football and runs from other children .
A young boy in a blue uniform running with a football while playing a game of flag football .
A young boy weating blue shorts and cleats holding a football running from other boys .
A young male carrying a football and running while two other boys run behind him .
The boy in blue runs with the ball whilst being chased by two boys in red .
A dog is waling on sand .
A dog that looks like Lassie , making a funny face .
a puppy runs in the sand .
Dog has mouth open in field .
The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area .
Two dolphins flying headfirst into a beautiful tropical blue lake.
Two dolphins jumped out of the water in this zoo .
Two dolphins jumping into the water .
Two dolphins jump out of the blue water with palm trees behind them .
Two dolphins jump out of the water together .
An elderly Asian woman wearing a blue winter coat and red hat in front of a food counter .
A woman in a red cap in a store .
A woman wearing a red hat and black coat .
A woman with a red hat and face stands in front of jars .
The hapy asian woman is at the market .
The children of a family play while they wait .
Three Asian kids dance while a man looks on .
Three children do jumping jacks in a public place while a man sits and looks on .
Three children jumping while an older man watches from a row of chairs nearby .
Three young children jump while an older man watches from his seat .
A couple of playful kids in sweats and jeans romp on the grass .
A girl on someone 's back is laughing .
Kids playing around .
Someone holding a little girl hanging upside down .
Two peoplw with top of heads on grass .
As the brown dog looks the other way , a large black and white dog plays with a smaller black dog .
Orange , brown and white and brown dogs on grass .
Three dogs playing and laying on the grass .
Three dogs playing in a yard together .
three dogs play together .
people waiting for the subway.
Some people looking out windows in a large building .
Three people are waiting on a train platform .
Three people standing at a station .
two woman and one man standing near train tracks .
A child in a black wetsuit is in the waves on a surfboard .
A kid on a surfboard riding a small wave .
A small boy in black is surfing .
A young boy in a black wetsuit surfs in the water .
A young surfer rides a wave .
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass .
Two gray , speckled dogs running down grass hill , trees in background .
Two grey dogs running in green grass .
Two identical dogs bound across a lush green meadow .
Two large gray dogs running through a grassy field .
A black and brown dog is running out of the surf .
A wet dog runs through the surf at a beach .
A wet German Shepherd dog is running out of the ocean with a ball in its mouth .
German shepherd running in ocean surf.
The German Shepherd is walking in the body of water .
A fox terrier leaps after a ball .
A small dog on a leash jumps toward a pink ball.
A terrier chasing a red ball .
A white and brown dog jumps towards a red ball .
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball .
Men dressed in winter clothing stand against a railing on a snowy street.
Two men are standing outside in the snow .
two men each wearing jackets leaning on a railing near a snowy road.
Two men lean against fence on snowy , urban street corner .
Two men standing near a city street in the winter .
A woman in a marching band uniform holding out her arms to another woman .
The girl in the marching band comforts her fellow teammate .
The two band members are wearing hats with yellow feathers .
Two Asian girls in green and yellow band uniforms are facing each other .
two young girls wearing green and yellow uniforms standing in front of each other .
A dirty dogs runs through the woods .
A dog carries a stick through the woods .
A dog jumping over a stick in the yard .
A dog jumps over a stick in a forest .
The furry dog is running through a grassy wooded area .
A German Sheperd and a small white dog are playing.
The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog .
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog .
Two dogs , one large and one small , are playing together in the grass .
Two dogs playing together on the grass .
A girl is playing a virtual video game while her image is displayed behind her .
A woman dances along with a dancing video-game projected on large screen behind her .
A woman is dancing onstage in front of a screen .
A woman with her arms in the air smiles with a screen behind her .
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen .
A brown and black dog is chasing a black dog in the snow .
a brown dog is chasing a black dog through the snow in front of a wire mesh fence .
Brown dog chasing black dog through snow .
The dogs are running in the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair .
A group of foreign people stand with umbrellas on the side of the street .
A group of people with clear umbrellas standing on the street .
People trying to stay dry with umbrellas in the city .
People walk in the rain with umbrellas .
Several people are walking on a rainy busy street in Asia with clear umbrellas .
A man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and reaching into his pocket .
A man in a cowboy hat walks in a department store .
A man in a hat is making his way through a store .
A man in a leather jacket and cowboy hat walks through a mall .
Six people inside a store .
A closeup of a girl from the backside playing a game on a screen .
A girl is playing a video game on a life sized screen .
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen .
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen .
A woman watching herself on a big screen while she is playing a boxing video game .
A German shepherd jumps at a small white dog .
A large dog runs through a field with a smaller dog .
The German Shepherd dog is running after the white dog while they both are running on the grass .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two dogs run and play in the long dry grass .
A brown and black dog walks in the snow with its tongue hanging out .
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow .
A brown dog is running through snowy woodland .
A dog runs around in the snowy woods .
A dog with its tongue out walking in the snow .
A donkey pulling a cart with a boy in it takes a brake .
A donkey pulling a car with a man on it.
A mule is carring a man in a cart next to some palm trees .
A mule pulling a carriage with a man inside along a dirt path .
A person is pulled in a cart by a donkey .
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls .
A pale boy playing in a pit of blue balls .
A young boy plays in a red ball pit .
Blonde boy in red shirt plays inside inflatable with blue balls .
Two children are playing in a bin of plastic balls .
A dog runs across the snowy field .
A dog runs in the snow , a fence in the background .
A tan dog runs through the snow .
a white dog running in the snow.
A yellow dog runs on white snow on a sunny day .
A boy sitting down smiling for the picture .
A child holding some shoes .
A child in blue and wearing a hat smiles .
A young boy smiling and holding sandals .
The boy is wearing a hat and holding sandals .
A man is laying down inside a black , non-working boat .
A man lays down to rest inside a wood structure against a building .
A man sleeping on a sheltered public bench .
A man sleeps in the lining of a boat that is propped against a brick wall .
Man is lying down inside of a black structure outdoors .
A green fish is jumping out of water .
A large fish breaching the water 's surface .
A large green and blue fish leaps from the water .
a large green fish jumps out of the water .
The large green fish is jumping out of the water .
A man in a black t-shirt looking down as he holds a drink .
A man in black with glasses looks down at a drink .
A man wearing a black cap and glasses is looking at an object in his hand .
A man with a baseball cap on backwards is holding a cup.
a man with black rimmed glasses sleeping with a drink in his hand.
A biker is wearing all black gear with buildings and a tree with no leaves nearby .
A man in black walks beside his bike in the city .
A man wearing a black helmet is pushing his bicycle .
Man riding a bicycle on a foggy day .
Man with a bicycle and helmet .
A woman leads three little boys in soccer uniforms .
Children wear soccer uniforms .
The three kids are wearing soccer uniforms on a grass field .
Two children with leg pads are performing stepping actions near another child and an adult .
Young kids with soccer gear on walking towards the camera .
A brown , shaggy dog has a plastic snowman toy in his mouth .
A furry brown dog carries his toy in mouth outside .
A shaggy dog plays with a toy .
A shaggy dog with a toy in its mouth .
A small dog with long hair holds a snowman toy in its mouth .
A boy appears to be dancing to music in a building filled with people .
A man consumed by his surroundings .
a man in a purple shirt is standing in a stadium with his eyes closed .
A man in a purple shirt is standing with his eyes closed .
A young man with a beard at an event .
A group of four kids stand in front of a statue of a large animal .
Children smiling and waving at camera.
Four children .
Four children are standing to pose for a photo .
Four dirty and barefooted children .
A man catches a bird from the partly cloudy sky with a long net .
A man wearing camouflage holds a net on a very long handle into the air .
A person trying to catch birds in a Nat .
A person on the grass is throwing a rope in the air .
A person uses a long-handled net to catch something in the air .
A man carries dead birds while walking down a hill .
A man is carrying numerous penguins accross a plain .
A man wearing green waterproofs is walking on a grassy cliff top carrying some penguins .
A man with multiple animals in each hand is walking down a uncut grassy hill .
The man walks through a field carrying bundles of dead birds .
A cameraman checks the settings on his camera .
A man with a camera studies his work .
A man with a headset is looking into a video camera .
The man in the purple hat is operating a video camera .
The man wearing a hat and headset is taking a photo .
a man sitting down , with his head down and his eyes closed.
A man with a backwards hat sits on the ground .
A teenager in a white shirt and gold hat with his head bowed and eyes closed .
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat sits cross legged .
Young man hanging his head wearing a hat .
A boy hangs onto straps on a train .
A boy in a white and green striped shirt and black shorts .
A young boy is playing around on a tram .
a young man wearing a green and white shirt hanging by two straps in a subway car.
Kids riding the subway.
a girl wearing a pink scarf and pink bellbottoms riding her bike outside .
A woman wearing a pink boa rides a bicycle down a pedestrian bridge .
A woman with pink bags rides her bike over a bridge .
A woman with silver pants and pink bellbottoms , and a pink scarf riding her bike by a fence , with buildings in the background .
The lady with a pink scarf rides her bike over the bridge .
A person hits a ball with a tennis racket .
A person swings at a tennis ball .
a tennis player wearing a green shirt about to hit a ball with his racquet .
A woman in a green shirt and blue hat is playing tennis .
Miami tennis player hits the ball with a forehand .
A black dog is pawing a dog toy .
A dog wearing a coat plays with a toy on fake grass .
a dog wearing a jacket , pounces a toy .
Brown dog pounces on toy .
s grey dog wearing a coat jumping to get a toy .
A big tan dog jumps in the water .
A light brown dog is running in the water .
A light colored dog splashes through the water .
A tan dog splashing in water on the bank of a pond or river .
A white dog is splashing through the water .
Two dogs are running together down a with path covered in dead leaves .
Two dogs run along a path strewn with dead leaves .
Two dogs run down a trail as autumn leaves cover the ground.
Two dogs run together through the leaves that have fallen .
Two large dogs walking together through a trail with leaves on the ground .
A boy at the beach dumps a bucket of water on another boy 's head .
a boy pours water on another boy .
A little boy pours water from a bucket onto another little boy 's head .
A small boys dumps water on a baby .
The boy pours water on the baby .
A group of cross-country skiers are skiing down a trail .
A group of cross-country skiers following a path through the forest .
A large group of people cross-country skiing in the snow .
Several cross-country skiers following a trail .
Skiers walking up the slope .
A backpacker hiking near a snowy mountain .
A hiker is walking in the snow with a snow covered mountain behind them .
An adult hikes in the snow with a mountain in the background .
A person across a field of snow with a mountain in the background .
A person stands in the snow at the bottom of a snow covered mountain .
A boy with red shorts is holding a basketball in a basketball court .
A young boy is playing basketball in an official game .
The boy is playing basketball .
The boy runs with the basketball while looking up .
The children are playing basketball indoors .
a big white dog jumps on a small dog .
A large dog chases a small dog on the sand .
A white dog is chasing after a small dog at the beach.
Large dog and small dog in sand.
The white dog is playing with the muddy dog .
A person is riding a snowboard doing an air stunt over a snowy mound .
A snowboarder flies through the air .
A snowboarder in white soaring through the air .
A snowboarder is in the middle of a jump with one hand raised .
Someone in white winter clothes is snowboarding through the air .
A dog walks across the snow .
A dog walks through the snow in the daylight .
Black and brown dog approaching camera across snow .
Black dog runs through snow with head down.
The large , dark colored dog is walking through the snow .
Two black and white dogs run across a green field .
Two dogs are running across a grassy field .
Two dogs with black and white markings running with their mouths open .
Two terriers running in a grassy area .
Two white and black dogs running in the grass .
Skiiers on snow cappedhills.
A group of skiers shown on a snow covered mountain .
Five cross-country skiers making their way across snowy terrain .
Five people skiing on snow covered slopes .
There are five skiers , with backpacks , in the snow .
A boy holds a basketball during a game , while others watch .
A boy is holding a basketball in one hand .
a boy is running with a basketball in his hands .
A boy throws a basketball during a game .
A young boy plays basketball while a few people behind him look on .
A man jumps through the air while snowboarding .
A snowboarder in gray pants and a white jacket catches some air .
A snowboarder in gray pants is doing a jump .
A snowboarder with brown pants .
Person wearing grey pants airborne on a snowboard .
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow .
Mountain climbers stopping to rest on climb .
Two men in red and orange jackets leaning on poles in the snow .
Two men with snow equipment stare into the distance .
Two mountaineers are looking ahead on a snowy trail .
A man with a snowboard sits atop a mountain looking at the view .
A person sitting atop a sandy mountainside staring into waterfalls .
a snowboarder leaning against his snowboard while looking at view of foggy mountains.
A snowboarder sits on a mountain staring at a white foggy scenery .
The snowboarder gazes into the distance at some mountains .
A couple kiss in a subway station .
A couple quietly kisses in the dark .
A darkly lit scene of a man and woman kissing .
A man and woman kissing in a dark subway.
A man in a leather jacket is kissing a girl in a subway station .
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground .
A dog runs outside .
Black dog running fast on a field.
Black dog running very fast .
Black dog running with his tongue out .
a elderly woman in a tan jacket is standing by the door of a wooden house carrying a green and beige bag .
A man in a brown coat standing on a porch.
A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door .
An old lady standing on a porch looking off in the distance.
The lady on the porch is wearing a brown jacket .
A dog is carrying a red toy in its mouth running in a field of brown grass next to a second dog .
Two brown dogs running through a field with a red toy.
Two brown dogs run side by side and one dog is carrying an orange container in its mouth .
Two brown dogs wearing orange collars are running through some tall grass , one carrying an orange item .
Two greyish brown dogs play with an orange toy .
A group of people hike in skis .
A group of skiers head up an incline in the snow .
A lady in red gloves on ski 's has four people behind her .
People are cross-country skiing in a single file line .
Quite a few hikers walk through the snow with their gear .
An elderly man standing near a younger man .
An older gentleman in brown gives a look of astonishment to the camera .
An older man confronts the camera while a young man in a blue jacket looks on .
An older man standing by a younger man with earphones.
A older man in beige stands near a younger man in blue in front of a building .
A man is sitting on a green bench located on a grassy hill while playing with a black dog .
a man on a bench feeds a dog .
A man on a bench pets a dog .
Man wearing a grey jacket sitting on a green bench petting a black dog wearing a red collar .
Old man sitting on the park bench with a black dog .
An older child watching a toddler play with a long spring inside a house .
A young child plays with a slinky in the family room while an older sibling watches .
Two little children and one is playing with a slinky .
Two young children are playing in the living room with some toys .
two young children playing in front of a couch.
A white dog with a red collar and a beige dog run near a pool with cats in the background .
Two little white dogs running .
Two small white dogs playing.
Two white dogs are running together .
Two white puppies play near a pool .
a girl in a green dress and pink jacket is running down a dusty path in a grassy park .
A girl wearing a pink sweater and green dress in walking down a path .
A little girl holding flowers is walking away down a path on a sunny day .
A little girl is walking along a path .
A little girl walking down the sidewalk .
A group of boys pouring soda into a white plastic bucket while a man pumps a bicycle pump .
A man , adolescent and two boys are mixing a bucket with liquid on a farm .
A person pours water into a work bucket near a shovel and three other people .
Four guys are in a field .
The kids watched as the soda bottle launched into the air .
A boy runs as others play on a home-made slip and slide .
Children in swimming clothes in a field .
Little kids are playing outside with a water hose and are sliding down a water slide .
Several children are playing outside with a wet tarp on the ground .
Several children playing on a homemade water slide .
Two dark colored dogs fighting one another .
Two dogs are fighting in a field .
Two gray dogs jump at each other over the tall grass .
two grey dogs jumping in the air fighting each other.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field .
A dog looks warily at the brown dog investigating his area .
A large brown dog is looking at a medium sized black dog .
A small black dog looks at a larger brown dog in a grassy field .
The big brown dog looks at the small black dog in tall grass .
There is a big dog looking at a little dog .
A boy and girl are splashing around in the ocean .
Two girls are at the beach playing in the ocean .
Two girls playing at the beach one in pink and the other in black .
Two girls walking in the ocean .
Two young girls are wading in the ocean wearing shorts and sweat shorts .
A man on a busy street .
A man on the streets .
A man standing on the street .
A man stands at a city crosswalk .
There is a man looking sideways down an out of focus street .
A boy in an orange short plays in bubbles .
A boy in jeans and an orange shirt chases bubbles in the air .
A child blows bubbles outside .
A little boy with an orange shirt is playing outside with bubbles .
A young boy runs through bubbles .
A youn woman on a man 's back walking down a cement path with another couple behind them holding hands .
People walk on a path outside .
Several people are walking down a trail .
The man is giving a woman a piggyback ride through a park .
Two couples walking on a path adorned with trees , bushes and grass .
A boy walks near buildings .
A man in a blue and purple striped shirt and hat is walking past a brick building .
A man walking down a street by a garage .
A person walking past a brick shed .
A young man in a white beanie is walking down the road and passing by a garage .
A little boy is sitting in a wheel barrel while a girl in pink holds the handles .
a young boy in a green wheel barrel with a girl pushing him .
A young boy rides in a wheelbarrow as a young girl holds the handles .
A young girl wearing pink is pushing a green wheel-barrow with a young blond boy in it .
The girl is holding the wheelbarrow while the boy sits inside .
A big dog shakes dry grass off .
A black and white dog wearing collars shakes off on the dead grass .
A dog shakes water off of himself .
A tri-colored dog wearing a green collar and a purple harness is shaking its body .
A white and brown dog shakes off water .
A girl is buried under several playground balls .
A laughing baby is surrounded by balls of various colors .
A smiling child is surrounded by colored balls .
Little girl lying in many colored plastic balls .
The child is covered with colorful balls .
A black and white dog stands neck deep in clear water .
A black and white dog swimming in clear water .
A black dog with white facial and chest markings standing in chest high water .
A dog is being hit by a small wave in the ocean .
A dog plays in the water .
a brown and black dog jumping through a field of long blades of grass.
A dog runs through the tall grass .
A dog wearing a red harness runs across a field.
Black and brown dog with red harness in high grass .
Dog running through the weeds .
A dog is walking on a beach with the sun on the horizon .
A large dog with a black collar walking towards the water on a beach with the sun in the background .
A yellow Labrador retriever walks into the ocean at sunset .
Dog on the beach at sunset.
The dog walks along a beach at sunset .
A man wearing a black hat is walking through a busy city street .
A silhouette of a man in a hat on a busy city street .
Person with black hat and black coat near buildings with signs .
Three people in a crowded city area .
Thre is a shot of man with his back turned in a city .
One black dog chases another on grass nearby a road that was recently snowed on .
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain .
Two black dogs chase each other on grass .
Two black dogs running.
Two black dogs running on grass .
A man in red swimming trunks stands in the snow on a cliff above the water .
A man in red trunks looking into a lake .
A young shirtless man in red and black shorts stands on a snowy cliff and looks out over the lake .
Boy standing in snow stares at water .
Man wearing shorts standing in snow next to a body of water .
A family of 7 poses in the snow.
A family poses in a snowy forest .
A family standing in the snow on a sledding trip .
A family stands in the snowy woods .
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children .
A little girl dances in a room with balloons on the floor .
A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons .
Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti , balloons .
Little Girl in brown shirt and bluejean skirt dances on wood floor .
The blond girl is dancing inside a house .
The dog with the green collar and ball is running behind the dog with the red collar.
Two dogs enjoy playing in the cold of the snow .
Two dogs play in the snow .
Two dogs play in the snow together .
Two dogs run through the snow .
Skiiers on a snowy mountain .
Skiiers on top of a mountain .
Two men stand on skis and look to a snowy mountain to the right .
Two people wearing skis stand looking at a mountain .
Two skiers stand near a snowy mountain .
a man and a woman are walking past a stained glass window.
A man in a blue sweatsuit and a woman wearing a brown jacket and brown boots walk together .
A woman in uggs , black tights and gray sweater walks next to a many in a blue sweat suit .
Man and a woman with locked arms walk away .
Two short , fat people walk down the street .
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river .
A dog is walking through some gravel beside a river .
A dog with a snub nose smells for somthing on a riverbank .
A large brown dog is walking along side a river .
a large tan bulldog walking along the rocky shore of a small stream .
A dog carries a newspaper through a kitchen .
A dog is bringing the newspaper to its owner through the kitchen .
A dog retrieving a newspaper inside a dining room .
a white and tan dog holding paper in its mouth while on tile floor.
The dog retrieves the owner 's paper .
A brown dog growls .
A brown dog is running over an obstacle course with its mouth wide open .
A dog descends a ramp , teeth bared .
The brown dog is on the wooden stage with people behind it .
The dog is barking while running down an obstacle .
A basketball player in a duke uniform looks up .
There are three basketball players.
Three men in basketball uniforms looking at something .
Two basketball players from duke are looking upward .
Two basketball players watching the ball .
A cross-country skier has left a trail behind him as he makes his way through the snow .
a lone skier walking cross a snowy bank with trees in the background.
A man is hiking on a snow-covered trail .
A man is skiing down a snowy hill while he casts a long shadow .
The skier moves down the hill on a beautiful day .
a girl speeds by on her scooter .
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter .
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter .
A little girl is riding on her scooter and wearing a purple helmet and a purple shirt .
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter .
A boy is surfing .
A boy is surfing in the ocean .
A boy is surfing on a green surfboard near two other people in the water .
a boy is surfing towards the beach on a green surfboard .
A young boy surfing in the ocean .
A woman is looking down and wearing a white hair piece that looks like a wedding veil .
A young bride purses her lips .
A young woman is wearing a bridal veil outside a church .
Bride with a white veil looking down .
The bride is standing outside .
A man and a little girl in a pink dress.
A man watches a small child in pink .
A tiny little girl wearing pink stands by a man who is wearing brown and sitting down .
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park .
The young girl in a pink outfit and the seated man both look are looking away .
A man and a woman on a bench .
A man and a woman sit on a bench outdoors .
A man and woman sit on a park bench .
A man sits on a bench with his arm around a lady .
The two people sit on the bench while the man in the tan jacket smokes .
a brown dog at the edge of a body of water surrounded by snow .
A dog standing near snow looking at water .
A golden dog walks carefully around a frozen pond .
A golden retriever looking at its relection in water next to a snow .
A tan dog is walking along snow to water .
A little boy jumping from one chair to another .
A young boy jumps from one black chair to another .
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another .
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house.
A young boy leaps from chair to chair .
A dog in mid-flight catches an orange and blue ball in a field of dead grass .
A dog jumps up to catch an orange and blue tennis ball .
A dog leaps into the air to catch a ball in its mouth .
A terrier catches a ball in a field .
Small white dog jumping to catch a ball .
A dog pants inside a car.
A dog sits in a car with its tongue sticking out .
A dog wearing a blue leash rides in a car .
A light colored dog with blue leash attached is sitting in a vehicle .
The dog waits patiently in the car for its owner .
Children skating while people watch on the side .
Two boys ice skate with other people .
Two boys on ice skates race on an outdoor ice rink .
Two boys race on ice skates while others watch .
Two children are skating quickly on ice .
A dog zips along the beach .
A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach .
A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach .
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline .
Fluffy white dog running on pebbles along the shore .
A man carrying a red bag is looking closely at the black train that is emitting smoke .
A man looking into a train engine .
A train blowing smoke .
People stand on a sidewalk near an old fashioned train .
The man stands close to the train at the busy train station .
A motocross rider rides in the air over a bar .
A motorbike jumping a pole .
A person is jumping a motorcycle over a pole while camera men film .
A professional dirt biker doing stunts while being videotaped.
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air .
a boy is riding a buggy down a woodland path .
A person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches .
a young person riding a small wagon down a hill .
The boy comes down the hill in the red wagon .
This person , seated on a type of go-cart , is riding downhill .
A white and a white dog are fighting over a stick in the water .
Two dogs are playing with a stick in a lake .
Two dogs in the water fight over a stick .
Two dogs playing in the water with a stick.
Two dogs playing with a stick in shallow water .
A kid is going down a big water slide .
A kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool .
A person is coming down a yellow water slide into a pool .
A young boy about to enter a pool after sliding down a yellow slide .
Child sliding down slide into pool of water .
a determined girl is hitting a volleyball.
A girl in a grassy field hitting a volleyball .
A woman plays volleyball .
A young girl is practicing volleyball in a grass field .
The girl is hitting the volleyball .
One boy in a black shirt is grabbing the flag of the boy in the red shirt with the football .
Two boys are playing flag football .
Two boys playing a game of flag football .
Two boys with mouthguards and one is holding a football while the other reaches for him .
Young football players with mouthguards .
A person on skis is jumping a small hill .
A skier is airborne in front of a tree .
Person on snow skis airborne over snow with green tree in the background .
The skier is jumping over a snowy mound in front of a pine tree .
This person is jumping off of a hill while skiing .
Three children are riding down a hill on tricycles in their winter coats .
Three children are riding tricycles on the path .
three children ride three wheelers .
Three kids ride their tricycles down the street .
Three little kids on tricycles race downhill .
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water .
A man is rowing in a small boat called Neptuno.
A man rows his boat below .
Man rowing a boat .
The fisherman paddles in his to a new spot .
A boy is lying down in midst of many soft toys , and spiderman quilt .
A boy wearing a black shirt and khaki pants is laying down , and is surrounded by stuffed animals .
A child laying in the midst of stuffed toys and blankets .
A young boy lays in a bed of stuffed animals .
Child laying down in the midst of stuffed animals including Mickey Mouse and Tigger.
A young boy on a basketball team dribbles the ball .
A young boy playing basketball in a gym , wearing a uniform .
The boy in the royal blue basketball uniform is dribbling the ball down court .
The boy runs across the court with the basketballs .
The young boy is running while bouncing a basketball .
A baby puffs up its cheeks .
A baby sits by his red and green toy pulling a funny face .
A cubby cheeked baby in a yellow and red bib playing with a toy .
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera .
The baby is sitting in a high chair .
A dog catches a Frisbee in midair .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A terrier mix catches a Frisbee in the air .
A white and black dog catching a Frisbee .
A white dog is leaping in the air with a green object in its mouth .
A man dressed in a black poncho stands in the middle of a parking lot .
A man wearing a black sweatshirt poses for a picture in a parking lot .
A man with a beard , dressed in black , is smoking .
A mean wearing a black hooded sweatshirt smokes a cigarette at the side of a road .
The man in the robe has gold on his beard .
A girl dances with adults in the sand .
a group of people dancing on a beach in front of a truck.
Friends and family dance on a beach by their vehicles .
Many people dancing in a sandy desert .
Several people are dancing in some sand .
A brown dog in a field .
A brown dog in mid-run in grass .
A brown dog in two black collars running through a grassy field .
A dog running in a field .
A light brown dog with a dark collar bounding through grass .
A girl is standing on one leg in the middle of the field .
A girl with her leg out on a lawn .
a little girl kicks into the air .
A warmly dressed girl kicks up her leg outdoors .
Person walking in the field .
A small white dog in the snow .
A white dog is running through the snow .
A white dog running across the snow .
The white dog is hard to see in the snow as it runs payfully .
White dog with mouth open running in the snow .
Two children jumping int the sand on a beach , the sand is being kicked up and the water is bright blue .
Two children jump as they run down a large sand dune towards the beach .
Two girls holding hands and jumping as they walk downhill on beach .
Two kids running down a sand dune to the beach .
Two people jump off a sand dune on a beach.
a dog playing ouside.
a little dog running with his tongue hanging out.
A small tan dog walks down a dirt path and licks his nose .
Small brown dog licks lips as it runs across grass and dirt .
The brown dog is walking along a grassy path with its tongue out .
A child wearing a yellow jacket is jumping down from a rock .
A kid in a yellow jacket and blue baseball cap jumping from a rock .
A young boy jumps into water .
Boy wearing yellow jacket jumping .
little kid with yellow jacket and blue hat jumping off rock.
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path .
A black dog runs with a white dog.
Two dogs are running down a dirt path in a grassy field .
Two dogs run and play together on a narrow dirt path in the middle of a field .
Two dogs run through the grass outside .
A brown dog is running alongside a black dog in a field .
Two dogs are running on the grass .
Two dogs running on grass .
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass .
Two large dogs are running together through the grass .
A group of adults are walking .
A man in a black suit looking toward a woman with long hair.
A man wearing glasses and a dark coat looks at something to the left of the picture .
A woman talks to a man while walking in a crowd .
Four people in dark clothes walk in the same direction .
A brown puppy is laying on its back in the grass .
A dog lays down in the long green grass .
A dog rolling in the grass .
a dog rolls in the grass .
A golden dog is laying on its back in the grass .
A boy in red pants getting ready to slide down a metal slide .
A boy in red prepares to slide down a blue slide .
A boy on the top of a slide .
A child crouches at the top of a reflective playground slide .
A young boy at the top of a slide .
Four horseriders look into the water .
Four people on horseback look at a lake with mountains in the distance .
Four people ride horses to the edge of the water .
Men on horses are standing on the shore looking at the lake .
several men on horseback staring into a mountain background.
A dog runs through green grass with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A puppy carries a tennis ball in its mouth .
A white puppy holds a yellow tennis ball in its mouth .
Puppy carrying a tennis ball in its mouth .
the puppy is carrying a ball in its mouth .
A man paddles a canoe in a lake .
An older man rows a boat .
Man in a canoe on a still lake .
Man paddles a canoe through placid lake waters.
The man is rowing a canoe in a blue lake .
People gather on a bridge near a weeping willow tree .
People on a bridge look at the water .
People stand on a bridge over water .
People walk on a small bridge over a lake .
Some people are crossing a green bridge over a river .
a man in red throws a Frisbee .
Two men and a Frisbee.
Two men are running to catch a Frisbee .
Two men go after a Frisbee in some kind of sports game .
two men , one in a red shirt , running towards a Frisbee .
A boy in a red jacket holding a stick and yelling .
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him .
A young boy holds up a candy bar while yelling .
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar .
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar .
A person and their tan dog go for a ride in a rowboat .
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river .
a woman wearing an orange jacket sitting in a canoe on a lake with a dog behind her.
A woman with a dog canoe down a river .
Woman and dog in rowboat on the water .
A brown dog laying in the grass with a white chew toy .
A brown dog lying in the grass playing with a white rag .
A brown dog sitting on grass.
A dog sitting on grass .
Orange dog with knotted white rag on grass .
A brown and white dog playing on grass .
A brown and white dog runs through a grassy area .
A dog is playing on the green grass.
A dog with floppy ears runs on the grass , a fence behind it .
A white dog is running with an orange fence behind him .
A blond dog playing with a colorful dog toy .
A fluffy dog looking at a yellow chew toy .
A fluffy dog plays with a small toy in a living room .
A fluffy tan dog dropping a colourful toy .
A shaggy white dog plays with a colorful chew toy .
A child smiling as they are being thrown in the air by an adult .
A little boy in a flannel shirt and light pants is thrown in the air .
A man is tossing a toddler into the air .
A person throws a baby up in the air .
The baby enjoys being tossed up in the air .
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park .
A black and white dog running in a snowy park .
A black and white dog runs over snow by a tree and bench .
A small white and black dog jumping in the snow.
Black and white dog running in the snow .
The children make snow angels next to each other .
Two children are making snow angels .
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels.
Two children , one in red and one in blue , making snow angels .
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels.
A man and a woman are using a machine built into the wall .
A man and a woman look at pictures on a machine marked " other people 's photographs  ".
A man and a woman looking at a photograph kiosk .
A man and woman are looking at an exhibit entitled ' Other People 's Photographs ' .
Two individuals use a photo kiosk.
A girl in green is running behind a boy in red in a sports arena whilst a girl in pink is running in the background .
Three barefoot children fun and smile in an indoor setting .
Three children running barefoot .
three children running barefooted in a gym.
Three smiling children running indoors .
A black and white dog is catching a red and green object in his mouth .
A black and white dog is running through the field to catch something in its mouth .
A dog catching a flexable Frisbee in its mouth .
A small black and white dog jumps with an object in its mouth .
The black and white dog leaps to catch a toy .
Kids wearing jackets and hats swinging on tire swing in snow.
Two children swing in a tire in the snow at a park .
Two children swing on a tire swing on a snowy day .
Two kids in snow hats and blue and green coats are swinging on a tire swing out in the snow .
Two young children are being pushed on a tire swing with snow on the ground .
A brown dog jumps in the air .
A dog appearing to be malnourished is standing on his hind legs about to jump .
A dog jumps high while outside .
A dog jumps on a lawn .
Large brown dog jumping over a bush in a grassy area .
A black furry dog is jumping in the air next to another dog .
One black dog is in midair whild one black dog is on the grass .
Two black dogs .
Two black dogs are playing in a grass .
Two black dogs playing on grass.
A brown dog plays with a bright orange ball in the snow .
A dog chasing a ball in snow .
A tan dog is playing with a red dog in snow .
The dog tries to play with a basketball in the snow .
The yellow dog is in the snow with a red ball .
A girl climbs a rock wall .
A little blond girl on a climbing wall .
A young blond girl is climbing up a rock .
A young girl wearing a pink shirt climbs a rock climb .
The little girl in a pink shirt and jeans is climbing up a rock climbing wall .
A dog is swimming across the water biting onto a stick .
A dog is swimming in the water with a stick in his mouth .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
The dog is fetching a stick in water .
A brown dog is playing with a red toy while another brown dog bounds towards the camera .
The dogs run and play with a red ball .
The little brown dogs with floppy ears are playing with a red ball .
The two dogs , one holding a ball in its mouth , run through the grass .
Two brown dogs are playing on the grass , and one of them is carrying a red ball .
A boy in a blue shirt jumps down stairs on a skateboard .
A man flies through the air on his skateboard above a white staircase .
A skateboarder jumps his board down a flight of stairs .
A skateboarder sails over white steps .
Skateboarder jumping down stairs of building .
A man in a black cap and shirt smiling while holding a white grey and black rectangular object .
A man smiles and poses with a product he appears to be trying to sell .
A man wearing a black shirt and baseball cap smiling .
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling .
There is a man with a black shirt and a black hat smiling .
A black dog is walking through a stream.
A black dog swimming in water near rocks .
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water .
A dog runs through a creek next to large rocks .
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river.
An elderly woman is standing by the window of a grey stone building .
a person standing on the sidewalk , next to a window , wearing warm clothes.
A woman all dressed in blue with blue bags stands outside a window .
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat stands outside a building .
The elderly lady waits on the sidewalk .
