A man rides a bike on a dirt path .
A person biking through the woods .
A person dirtbikes along a muddy trail .
Dirt bike rider riding down the slope .
Person rides a dirt bike down a dirt hill .
A boy walks across a rope structure on a playground .
A child in a green shirt balancing on a red rope while holding two white ropes .
A playground with two children and an adult .
A small boy wearing glasses stands on a rope and holds two ropes with his hands .
The little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .
A grey dog chasing a brown dog in shallow water .
A small black dog chasing a small fluffy brown dog just above water .
Two dogs moving through water close to the shore .
Two dogs playing in a lake .
Two dogs playing on the shore .
A crowd of boys riding a vehicle .
A large group of people wearing similar clothing riding a single vehicle .
almost 2 dozen people are riding on the outside of a cart down a road.
A vehicle crowded with people .
Many young men with backpacks are clinging to and riding on a vehicle .
a dog chases another dog .
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears .
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in area of gravel .
Two dogs run in a gravel lot with a fence in the foreground .
Two dogs walk over the gravel yard inside a gated area .
a woman in a black overcoat and red hair with man in white walking behind her.
A woman wearing a black coat and sunglasses is standing in front of a man walking away with a backpack .
A woman wears sunglasses and a black coat as she walks .
There is a woman in a black jacket and sunglasses and a man in a white shirt with his back turned .
The woman in the dark coat is facing the camera , while the man in the blue shirt faces away .
An older person sitting beside a body of water .
A woman in a brownish-orange sweater is sitting by a lake .
a woman sits on a log near the water .
A woman with a sweater sits on a sea wall and looks to the sea .
The person in a sweater sits on wood , looking at the water .
A dog sled team seen from behind .
A group of dogs harnessed together to pull something in the snow .
A sled dog team running from the perspective of the rider .
A sled-dog team works hard on this snowy trail .
Several dogs in the snow , all harnessed in a line .
A child in orange walking on wooden walkway built in a body of water .
Two children are running down a bridge across a lake .
Two children run along a boardwalk that crosses over a body of water .
Two children walking on a wooden pier over water .
Two children wearing orange walk across a long pier .
A brown dog looks up while a person 's fingers are in its mouth .
A dog bites someone 's finger .
A dog is chewing on someone 's finger .
A person has his or her hands in a dog 's mouth .
A person touches a dog 's tooth .
A man and a dog are sitting on the pavement are sitting by a wall .
A man and his husky sitting in the snow at the corner of a building .
A man is sitting in the snow with his dog asking for spare change .
A man sits outside in the snow with his dog and blue blanket .
Person sitting in snow on a sidewalk holding small black dog and a husky laying beside him .
A girl pushes a boy on a swing on a sandy playground .
A girl stands behind a boy in a swing .
A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing .
a little girl pushes a little boy on the swing .
The small girl in the red shirt pushes the little boy on the baby swing .
A child peeks his head out from some flowers .
A child with blue eyes sitting amid flowers .
A kid playing in a bunch of flowers .
The brown haired toddler is holding onto the edge of a flower pot in a garden .
This small child is in a garden with flowers all around .
A drummer and three saxophones players outside a storefront .
A small band of guys are playing their saxophones and one man is playing the drums with buckets .
Four people play instruments on the sidewalk .
Three guys play saxophone while another drums on buckets .
Three men play saxophones while one man play makeshift drum on a corner.
A black and white dog running in front of a brown dog in the grass .
A brown dog and a white and black dog are running in grass .
A brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass .
Two dogs , a golden one and a white one with black patches , are running towards something .
Two dogs are running together through the grass .
A child swings on his stomach on a tire swing amidst trees .
A small child on a tire swing in a forested field .
a small child playing on a tire swing.
a small kid swinging on a tire swing.
A very little child swings on a tire swing .
A black and brown dog are starring at each other .
A dark brown dog and a light brown dog in a field stare at each other .
Two dogs are facing each other in a grassy field .
Two dogs are looking at each other .
Two dogs confront each other in the middle of a field.
A brown dog walks towards another animal hiding in the grass .
A dog walks in the grass towards a dog lying down .
A grey silky dog is laying in the grass while a brown dog looks on .
A standing brown dog watches another dog lay in the grass.
The brown dog sees a black dog laying in the dry grass .
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log near water in the snow .
a dog jumps over a fallen tree .
A small dog in a harness jumps over a snow covered log while another dog watches .
The white dog leaping over a snow covered log .
White dog with tan spot leaping over snow covered object with white and black dog behind .
A brown dog is shaking off the snow .
A brown dog squats in a deep pile of snow .
A brown long-haired dog plays in the snow.
The brown dog is playing in the snow .
The brown dog is playing in the white snow .
The two girls are playing on a yellow sit and bounce .
Two children sitting atop a large yellow bounce toy .
Two girls bounce on a large yellow ball indoors .
Two little girls are sitting on a yellow rubber ball toy .
Two smiling girls sit on a yellow bouncy ball .
A black guy smoking a cigarette .
A black man smoking a cigarette is in front of a government type building .
A man wearing a blue shirt smokes a cigarette in front of an official building .
A man with a collarless shirt smokes a cigarette in front of a courthouse .
An African American man smoking a cigarette outside a large building .
A person has just thrown a snowball and hit someone in the back .
People outside a house in snow .
People stand outside a house .
Several people standing in front of a pile of snow in front of a house , with one person shoveling .
Some people are gathered by a mound of snow outside a house .
A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach.
A man juggles at the beach .
A shirtness man juggles batons on the beach .
A young man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach .
Juggler on beach in blue swimsuit .
A fluffy white dog running across the snow .
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow .
A white dog running on snow .
A wolf moves over the snow .
The white dog runs across the snow .
A boy in a diaper jumping onto a couch .
A boy in a diaper jumps onto a bed with a striped covering and red pillow in a room with toys and a chair .
A child jumps onto a bed .
A child leaping onto a bed in a room with toys on the floor .
Young boy jumping on to his bed .
A guy with tattoos , sitting on a couch .
A man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .
A man sitting on a chair rubbing his eye .
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch holding a pencil .
Tattooed man rubs his eye while sitting on chair indoors .
Two husky-like white dogs are outside on snow .
two samoyads play in the snow .
Two white dogs are playing in the snow .
Two white dogs running and playing in a snow covered field .
Two white furry dogs play in the snow .
A fluffy , white dog running in the snow .
A white dog running across the snow.
A white dog running in the snow .
A white dog runs through the snow-covered ground with his mouth open .
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow .
Three people are standing on a hill that is partly covered in snow .
Three people in dark clothing stand in a field of melting snow .
three people standing on the side of a snowy grassy hill.
Three young men standing on partially snow-covered ground.
Two boys watch a third boy kicking some snow .
A black and brown dog with blue collar goes on alert by a soccer ball in the grass .
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball .
A black dog stands a few feet away from a white soccer ball on grass .
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field .
The dog awaits some to kick the soccer ball so he can retrieve it .
A baby hold a wicker basket .
A baby holding onto a handle .
A child in a blue shit is holding on to a basket .
A toddler grasping a wooden object .
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair .
A black and white puppy runs along the gravel road .
A black and white puppy with ears straight up is running .
a small black and white puppy running along a gravel path next to a larger dog in the background .
A small black and white dog .
The gray and white dog is walking on gravel .
A guy skateboarding on midair .
A man on a skateboard doing a jump over concrete .
A man on a skateboard is jumping in the air with it .
Skateboarder in the air .
The guy in the blue shirt and jeans performs a grab trick on his skateboard .
A blond lab runs in the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
A golden dog is running through the snow .
A tan dog walks across the snow .
Brown dog runs in snow .
a boy rides his ripstik on the street .
A boy with a helmet skateboards across the street .
A child in a blue jacket and helmet is on a skateboard .
A young boy wearing a helmet skateboards on the street .
There is a boy with a helmet and a stripe down the side of his pants riding on a skateboard .
A little boy is on top of a snow mound .
A little kid dressed in cold-weather gear is at the top of the snow mound .
A small boy playing in the snow .
Boy in winter gear stands on snow with outstretched arms .
The child is standing on top of a snowbank with their arms outstretched .
The girls are dressed up in silver and white and their hair is styled .
Two blonde girls in fancy silver dresses are standing near a large green palm .
Two small girls in white dresses standing in front of a large green plant .
Two young girls dressed formally.
Two young girls in fancy dresses are standing outside .
A boy dressed for Halloween.
A boy has a spiked bracelet and a strange glove on .
A boy is dressed as Freddy Krueger .
A boy looks at his leather spike bracelet .
A young boy in a costume with a glove that has very long sharp fingers .
A boy in blue pajamas plays with a toy .
A small boy is taking a black toy car from another small child .
A small child plays with a batman toy car.
A toddler in a blue onesie playing with a pointy black car toy .
A toddler on a hardwood floor playing with toys .
A girl and boy hug each other near a doorway .
A young boy and girl hug and smile .
Two children are hugging each other indoors .
two children hug .
Two children hug one another .
A black and brown dog is laying with a tiger striped toy .
A black and brown dog is playing with his chew toys .
a black dog plays with two soft toys in front of a fireplace .
A close-up of a black dog sitting on a doll and a toy next to a fireplace .
Black big dog is trying to chew into soft toy .
a boy in a mask holds up two bags of bread .
a boy wears a wrestling mask and carries bags of bread .
A boy with a blue wrestler mask is posign next to several other people .
A man child carries two loaves of bread through the store .
A young boy wearing a mask stands holding two bags of bread .
A black dog running through the snow .
a black dog runs across the snow .
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow .
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow .
The black dog has a blue collar on .
A beige dog and brown dog in the snow .
A brown dog kisses the ear of a white dog in the snow .
One dog liking another 's face in the snow .
Two dogs playing in snow .
Two dogs play in the snow .
A man in a red shirt is curled up on pavement outdoors .
A man in a red sleeveless shirt curled up in front of a door .
A man in red lays on the sidewalk next to a red brick building .
a man sleeping on the street.
A ragged man sleeping behind a building .
A man climbing an icy glacier with the assistance of a pick .
A man donning an orange helmet is climbing up a white glacier .
A man is chiseling into ice .
A mountain climber wearing an orange helmet swings his Axe .
An ice climber wearing an orange helmet is hacking the ice with his ice pick .
A boy hitting a girl on a skateboard with a plushie snake .
A little girl riding a skateboard while a boy swings a toy at her .
A young boy and a girl on a skateboard have fun in a parking lot .
A young boy is draping a toy over a young girl on a skateboard .
A young girl with a flower on her shirt rides a skateboard while a young boy wraps something around her .
A man in a hoodie is looking at a pad of paper , outside a window .
A man is standing beside a grip stand writing on a note pad .
A man wearing a blue sweatshirt stands outside and writes in a notebook .
A man wearing glasses is drawing .
A man writing something down behind a bush .
A man rides a unicycle .
A man rides on a unicycle down the sidewalk .
a man wearing black rides a unicycle .
A young man rides a unicycle down a sidewalk .
Teenage boy is riding a unicycle through a grassy park .
a lady wearing a black dress carrying a white cross.
A lady with a cowboy hat and holding a cross looking at some men on a bench .
A woman in the park is talking to a few men.
A woman stands , in a black dress pulling a cart , in front of two men seated on a park bench .
A woman wearing a cowboy hat and carrying luggage .
A black and brown furry dog is running in the grass .
a brown and black dog running through a grassy field.
A large dog frolics in the grass .
A long haired black and brown dog runs through the grass .
Black dog running on green grass with mouth open .
A dog running down a snow covered hill.
A dog running through snow .
A golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .
a white dog is running through the snow .
A white dog running through the snow.
A group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation .
Kids play in the water.
many children play in the water .
Six kids splash in water.
Six shirtless children are playing in natural water and splashing around .
A blond child jumping rope on a sidewalk .
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left .
A girl jumps rope on a sidewalk .
A small girl jumping rope .
A brown dog is up to its knees in snow .
A brown dog plays in the snow .
A dog plays in the snow .
A grey dog with a bobbed tail digs in snow .
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow .
A brown , black and white dog is on a obstacle course .
A dog climbs down a black ramp.
A dog is running down a black and yellow ramp in an obstacle course .
A dog walks down a black ramp .
The black and white dog ran down the ramp .
A man with an Afro is skating on a vert ramp.
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp.
A skateboard rides up the ramp and does a trick in midair .
The skateboarder is performing a trick off a ramp .
The skateboarder launches off a quarter pipe .
A man in swim trunks hits a ball with a paddle , while on the beach .
A man is batting a ball on the beach beside the ocean .
a muscular man in swim trunks plays paddle ball on the beach.
Man in a bathing suit holding a paddle on the beach.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle .
A man in an orange shirt and a blue hardhat smiles .
A man smiling with a helmet on his head .
A man wearing a helmet and sunglasses smiles .
A man wearing an orange shirt and helmet .
A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt .
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress .
A man is removing a garter for a lady .
A man putting a garter on a woman .
a woman sitting in a chair while a man is removing her garter belt.
Man removing garter during wedding.
a boy and a woman walk into the ocean .
A toppless woman holds hr naked child 's hand while they stand in the ocean waves .
A woman and a naked child wade into the ocean .
A woman holds a baby 's hand and walks in the water .
A woman in bikini bottoms stands in the surf holding the hand of a naked baby .
A group of sled dogs in harness is standing together in the snow .
Four dogs playing in the snow .
Four snow dogs are pulled together in the snow .
Pack of sled dogs in the snow , one barking .
Several dogs grouped together in a winter setting .
a black and brown dog staring off into the distance at something.
A black , brown , and tan dog jumps at the camera .
A brown dog running through tall grass .
Dog in plants crouches to look at camera .
The black and white dog is running through the bushes .
A man climbing a rock face.
A man climbs up a rock .
A man wearing a blue helmet is rock climbing .
A rock climber scaling a stone wall .
The man climbing the rock is wearing a blue helmet .
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow .
Children jumping on a trampoline .
Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts .
Four children on a trampoline , in a snow covered area .
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow .
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow .
A black dog is running through the snow .
A black dog is running through the snow .
A black dog with his mouth open and tongue out runs across an expanse of snow .
Black dog runs through snow .
A dog attacking a guy .
A dog biting a man who is falling to the ground .
A dog is jumping up at a large man who is wearing jeans and a blue and yellow jacket .
A man is being attacked by a German Shepherd .
Dog jumping onto a man in a yellow jacket .
A bundled up toddler is walking over snow .
A little girl in a pink hat walks in the snow .
A little kid playing in the snow and around bushes .
a small girl trots through the snow .
Little girl in blue coat and pink hat makes tracks in the snow .
A fisherman in a field near a lake .
A person in a yellow hat , carrying a bag and a fishing pole , walks in a grassy area near a small body of water .
A person in a yellow hat is walking across the grass carrying a long pole .
A person with a yellow hat holding a fishing pole in the grass by water.
Man holding stick in field of green grass .
A boy and girl are placing a red blindfold over a woman 's eyes .
A girl is blindfolded by a young boy and girl .
A person being blindfolded by a girl and a boy .
Three kids play , one is blindfolded .
Two young children are playing with a teenage girl who is blindfolded .
A little boy kicks a soccer ball in the park .
A young boy kicking a soccer ball with a young girl in the background .
The little boy in jean shorts kicks the soccer ball .
The little girl sitting by the tree is looking away from the little boy kicking a soccer ball .
Young boy in fleece jacket kicking soccer ball with young girl in background .
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through a part of what looks like Arizona .
A man wearing jeans and a hooded , long sleeved top , and a backpack , walks in a desert .
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall .
Man wearing red looks on at desert.
There is a lone hiker in the middle of a prairie with his back to the camera , showing his backpack .
A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
The girls were in the crowd .
Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
A woman in a yellow jacket skis in the snow .
A woman wearing a yellow coat is skiing in the white snow .
A woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill .
A woman wearing a yellow jacket traversing on skis .
A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera .
A man walking 3 dalmatians along a sunny street .
A man walks a group of Dalmatians on the beach .
A man walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees .
Man walking three dalmatians along a palm-tree lined street .
This man with three dogs takes his route along the tree-lined street .
a broen haired woman wearing a black coat with coffee in her hand.
A girl holds her iced drink in her gloved-hand with a look of concentration on her face .
A woman in black holding a cup of ice cream .
This woman is dressed in black and holding a cup .
Woman in black with beverage , with blurry urban background .
A brown dog is swimming in the water .
A brown dog swimming for a stick in the water .
A dog swims in the water .
A dog swims toward a stick.
The large brown dog is paddling in the water .
A group of dogs look at each other while standing in the snow .
three dogs come face to face with each other in a snowy field .
Three dogs in the snow .
Three dogs meet in the snow .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
A man is sitting on a black and brown dog .
A man stands over a brown and black dog in the grass .
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dog 's back.
An attack dog is working with his trainer .
A running dog and a standing man on a dry field of grass .
a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley .
A boy wearing a green shirt is jumping in front of a lane at a bowling alley .
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley .
A young boy with a Mohawk and green shirt is excited about bowling .
A young boy with a Mohawk jumping at a bowling alley.
A soccer game at sunset.
A soccer game being played as the sun sets .
Green sports field with players beneath blue sky with pink clouds.
People playing soccer on a soccer field during sunset.
Soccer players on a field from a distance .
A boy wears Mr Potato head features .
A boy wears plastic toy teeth and green plastic toy glasses which are much too small for him .
A child is posing with toy pieces placed over their mouth and eyes .
A little boy wears Mr Potao head glasses and mouth .
A young boy wearing Mr Potato Head teeth and glasses .
A dark-haired man wearing a brown shirt is free-climbing a grey stone wall .
a man holding on to a rock wall.
A man scales a rock climbing wall .
A man struggles to climb a rock wall .
A man with glasses climbing a rock wall .
A child feels like he 's flying as his mom throws him up in the air during a game .
A woman in white is throwing a boy into the air .
A woman is tossing a small child in the air playfully .
A woman tosses a toddler in the air .
The child enjoys being tossed in the air by his mother .
A man on Rollerblades glides down a park path .
A man rollerblading down a path through an active community .
A man Rollerblades in a park .
The man in the red cap is rollerskating on a path in front of the white building .
The man is rollerblading in a red hat , blue shirt , and tan pants .
a beagle and a golden retriever wrestling in the grass.
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass .
Two puppies are playing in the green grass .
two puppies playing around in the grass.
Two puppies play in the grass.
A brown and white dog in the air next two a purple Frisbee above grass .
A brown dog is jumping in the air whilst trying to catch a purple Frisbee .
A dog is jumping to catch a Frisbee .
A dog jumps to catch a flying disc .
A dog jumps to catch the purple Frisbee .
A child hides inside a cave created by massive amounts of snow .
A girl in a snowsuit peeks out of a snow cave .
A girl is in a snow tunnel .
A young girls is laying in a snow cave.
The girl in the purple jacket is laying in a hole that has been dug out of the snow .
A girl is talking on the phone while sitting on a wall.
A woman in blue sits on a curb next to blue railings in front of the ocean .
A woman relaxes on a pier with railings while on the phone .
A woman talking on a cellphone near water .
A woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean .
A brown dog shakes himself dry .
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond .
A brown dog shaking off water .
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water .
A gray dog is shaking water from its body .
a boy screams .
A young boy at a party , dancing enthusiastically .
A young boy in jeans shows off his dance moves on a red dance floor .
A young boy stands on a wide floor with his mouth open .
The boy has his mouth open.
A woman holding onto a camera smiling at the camera .
A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .
A woman with a camera on a tripod is smiling for another camera .
People at a photo shoot .
The woman in blue is operating a camera in front of two other women .
Three people are looking into photographic equipment .
Three women are looking into a camera .
Two women are operating a laptop connected to a camera in a parking lot with a third person standing by .
Two women on a movie set reviewing film.
Two women reviewing pictures they took .
Three girls dancing in front of a couple of musicians .
Three girls in hats and dresses dance to music played by boys in the background .
Three girls in western hats dance for a band .
Three girls wear straw hats and dance on a stage .
Three young girls in hats are dancing .
A man in a brown coat and green tie walks on a street .
A man in a suit and jacket.
An older man in a suit , tie and overcoat.
An older man standing .
Older man in a suit , tie , and overcoat , walks through the street .
An adult is attending to child on a crowded path surrounding a body of water .
A woman bends over to attend to her child in a yellow jacket .
A woman wearing a backpack leans down to speak with a young child .
Children at the park with their parents .
Woman in yellow shirt bending over boy crouching on the ground .
A brown and black dog sits on a bed and looks at a gray and white dog .
a grey and white puddle fighting next to another black and brown dog on a bed .
Brown and white dog with brown and black dog on gray sheet .
The dogs are playing on the bed .
Two dogs play together on the bed .
a dark man wearing sunglasses and a black leather jacket is passing by a window .
A man is looking down .
A man wearing a leather coat and a white shirt .
Black man in sunglasses and leather jacket staring downward .
Man in sunglasses and leather jacket looking down.
A child plays T-ball .
A little boy is swinging a bat at a ball .
a young boy singing at a large baseball off of a tee .
A young boy swings a bat at a large baseball .
The little boy is wearing a blue shirt and playing baseball .
A black dog caught in mid-jump catching a toy in his mouth .
A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth .
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy .
A black dog running with a black and white toy in its mouth .
A dog is in field on a very windy day with something in its mouth .
A man climb up a snowy mountain .
A man in ice climbing gear holds a rope .
A man on a huge chunk of snow , holding a rope .
A man wearing winter clothes and a hardhat is climbing over a snowy ledge using a rope attached to his waist .
A mountaineer is following a rope through a snowy trail .
A crowd of people are gathered in a busy subway station .
a crowd of people in a subway.
A crowd stands , waiting for a subway .
Crowd waiting on Main Street subway platform for a train .
group of people waiting to catch the subway.
A boy wearing blue shorts is doing a back flip in the air under a tree .
A man in midair doing a flip .
a young man jumping a back flip off of a concrete wall .
Man with blue pants flipping in the air .
The boy wearing blue pants is in the midst of a back flip .
A girl climbing a chain link fence .
A little girl climbs a fence .
A small child hangs from a wire fence .
The young girl is climbing a chain link fence .
Young child climbing on a chain link fence .
A boy holding a tube and smiling at the camera .
A child dressed in blue laughs .
A smiling child in a blue shirt .
A young boy smiles while holding a tube of toothpaste .
Child in blue shirt smiles about what 's in his hand .
A black dog running with a stuffed bird in its mouth and another dog chasing it .
A brown dig and black dog are playing with a stuffed toy .
A brown dog with a toy duck in its mouth runs through snow while a black dog chases it.
Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .
The brown dog is being chased by a black dog while holding a small toy in his mouth .
A large dog stands over a smaller dog who has its mouth open .
A small black and brown dog growls at a larger black and brown dog .
Two black and brown dogs looking at each other .
Two black dogs play on carpet .
Two rottweiler dogs indoors , the smaller one barking at the larger .
A dog is jumping playing with a ball that has broken .
A dog jumps for a yellow and black ball .
A dog jumps to catch a ball in a large field .
a dog playing in a park.
A dog plays with a ball with a large office building behind it .
A black and brown dog with a brown dog in a grassy field with patches of white .
a black dog is facing a brown dog in an open outdoor space .
Two dogs are standing in a field of grass and dirt .
Two dogs greet each other in a snowy grass field .
Two dogs in a grassy field .
A man holding money , standing in front of a street band and a store .
A man holds a dollar bill in front of his face while posing in front of a street band .
A man holds money in the air .
A man in a green jacket is standing outside a store holding some money in front of his face .
An African-American man wearing a green sweatshirt and blue vest is holding up 2 dollar bills in front of his face , while standing on a busy sidewalk in front of a group of men playing instruments .
A little girl is falling backwards onto a bed .
A young girl jumps on a bed .
The young girl is happily standing inside the house .
Two children play on the bed with a remote control .
Young blond girl in blue jeans falls back on bed while another child looks on .
Boy in a black and white soccer uniform kicking the ball with other players nearby .
Children playing soccer , one in the process of kicking the ball .
The boy in the white shirt dribbles the soccer ball away from the yellow and blue team .
There are five young boys on a soccer field running and playing soccer .
Two young soccer teams competing in a game .
A group of women in matching uniforms , one of which is speaking .
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat on with her mouth open near others dressed the same .
A young woman with a white and blue hat and uniform yells to others dressed the same .
Group of women in blue and white uniforms , in profile , facing offstage .
Woman wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap talking while marching .
A couple guys splash through water wearing hard hats .
Two men are holding onto a rope climbing up forceful water .
two men grapple up a waterfall .
Two people are getting soaked by a waterfall .
Water from the left splashing over a man with a white helmet .
A boy in a fuzzy goat holds a craw and looks at it .
A boy in a grey coat holds a sea creature .
A boy looks at the crab he is holding .
A boy wearing a hooded jacket holds a crab .
A child wearing a gray sweater holds a crab and looks at it .
A flautist plays the flute in a marching band.
A girl in a band is playing the flute .
a girl in a red and black uniform is playing the flute as part of a marching band .
A woman in a red uniform is playing the flute .
Girl in uniform playing flute with marching band .
A boy on a bike rides around the neighborhood .
A child is riding a green bike and wearing an orange shirt and red helmet .
A child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood .
Boy wearing safety gear rides green bike through suburban streets .
The kid rides his green and black bike down the street .
Two athletic men climbing a waterfall .
Two men are climbing a rock face at a waterfall .
Two men climb up a waterfall using a rope while wearing shorts and hard hats .
Two men hanging from ropes over a waterfall .
Two men tethered by ropes climbing a hill where water is flowing .
A Arabian dressed lady leans backwards holding a skinny crooked sword .
A costumed woman with a sword does a backbend .
A woman bending over backwards .
A woman in a belly dancing outfit bending over backwards .
A woman in a dance costume is bending over backward and holding a sword .
Three dogs are running side by side on the grass .
Three dogs , one Rottweiler with a tennis ball in its mouth , one Irish Setter and one Corgi are running in field .
Three dogs running in a field .
Three dogs trot on a stretch of grass , and one dog is carrying a tennis ball .
Three dogs with tongues out running on the grass with a tennis ball .
A girl wearing a red snowsuit slides on her back on the ice .
A little girl in a red outfit is lying on her side in a strange position .
A little girl in red is down on the ice.
A smiling girl in a red outfit and mittens .
A young girl in a red snowsuit sliding across the ice .
A child is happily playing on the slide .
A child is holding on to the top of a playground slide .
A child is preparing to slide down a piece of playground equipment .
A toddler all bundled up getting ready to go down a slide .
Child getting ready to go down a slide .
a froup of sled dogs pulling a man wearing an orange vest .
A three dog sled team pulls an unusual tricycle sled .
Several dogs carry a man with a helmet through snow .
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike , through the snow .
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow .
A brown and white dog lays down in a grassy field .
A dog is crouching on the grass near a hurdle .
A dog races along the grassy track .
A tan and white dog is competing in an agility test .
Brown and white dog playing in the grass .
A man in a long gray overcoat stands in a courtyard as snow falls .
A young boy in a trench coat is holding a red bottle outside of a brick building .
A young man is wearing a blue outfit and grey coat .
Person spraying squirt bottle in the snow .
Woman in coat outside a house while snowing.
a boy with a fishing pole looking down on a lake.
A little boy looks over the railing on the dock into the blue water .
A young boy in a red coat fishes off a pier and looks down at the water .
A young boy in a red jacket stands on a pier with a fishing pole and chair near him .
The boy wearing the red top is standing by a fishing rod looking over the jetty fence .
A boy rock climbs .
A man is rock climbing without a shirt.
A young boy rock climbing .
The boy looked down as he climbed the steep rock face .
The climber is hanging off a vertical cliff with gear but no shirt .
A man climbing a rock-face .
A man is rock climbing with spotters below .
A man rock climbs while spotters wait below .
People are climbing a rock face .
The man is scaling up a large boulder with people spotting underneath .
A black dog nurses white puppies .
A black dog nursing black and white puppies .
A dog nurses her puppies .
Black dog with white puppies .
Black dog with white puppies laying on the floor .
A busy city street with neon lights , lots of people and traffic .
A crowd scene in a downtown area .
A group of people on the sidewalk of a city street .
An opposite side street-shot of Applebee 's and Dave and Buster 's restaurants .
People are gathered on a city street with police vehicles arriving .
A blonde boy in green is on a swing .
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting in a swing .
A young child smiling while on a swing at a playground .
The small child is leaning back in a child swing .
Toddler boy smiling while in a swing.
A little boy chases chickens .
a young boy chases chickens .
A young boy runs after some chickens .
a young boy wearing white shoes chasing after several chickens.
A young child runs with chickens .
A little girl playing the guitar , some flowers to the left .
A little girl sitting on a bed playing a guitar .
A young girl in a pink room tries to play a black electric guitar .
A young girl plays guitar by pink walls .
A young girl plays the electric guitar on her bed .
A lady and her little girl are holding hands and walking up the sidewalk .
A mother and child run hand in hand through Chinatown in an American City .
a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street.
Child in red holding the hand of person in red coat walking on sidewalk under awnings .
woman and little girl wearing red in Asian area.
A girl goes down a red slide .
A girl inside a long tubular slide .
A little girl with long hear and something in her mouth , wearing light-colored clothing is sliding down a tunnel .
A young girl going down a tube slide .
Young girl in tunnel slide.
A black and brown dog carries a red toy in his mouth .
A dog runs on the beach with a red dog toy with a yellow rope attached .
A dog trotting down the beach with a toy in its mouth .
A German Shepherd walks at the beach with an orange Kong toy in its mouth .
The dog is walking on the beach carrying a piece of yellow rope in its mouth .
A dog runs for a ball thrown by a small boy .
A little boy is playing with his dog in the backyard as the snow melts .
A young child is walking alongside a large black and brown dog with snow on the ground .
Little boy and a dog are playing in a fenced in backyard with snow on the ground .
The boy and the dog are outside in the garden with a little snow still on the ground .
A group of people hold drinks and point at the camera .
A group of people are holding up drinks and pointing to the camera .
A group of young people holding bottles and pointing at the camera .
several young people posing for this photo holding beers.
Young adults stand pointing at the person taking the picture .
Many people are walking around outside .
Two girls are walking down the street towards a bigger group of people .
Two girls in summer dresses and flip flops walk along a crowded street .
Two women 's backs in towels on the beach .
two women walk down the crowded street .
A girl is running on a desert path .
A girls wearing jeans and a pink shirt runs .
The little girl in the pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert .
The little girl in the pink top is running down the path .
Young girl in jeans runs through desert.
A dog is jumping as he turns around on a beach .
A dog jumps out of the waves at the beach .
A dog jumps up on the beach with rocks in the foreground .
A wet dog is jumping through some water on a beach .
A wet dog jumps in the surf .
A girl dressed in pink picks flowers .
A girl in pink picks flowers .
a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .
A little girl is holding flowers in her right hand while examining others in her left hand .
The girl wearing a pink shirt is picking flowers .
A child in denim playing hopscotch .
Closeup of a pair of feet in mid jump while playing hopscotch .
Someone is playing hopscotch on a chalked out grid on the ground .
The kid is playing hopscotch .
The legs of a child playing hopscotch .
A black and brown dog running outside .
a brown and black dog running on a trail in the woods .
a doggy runs in the dry grass .
A dog running down a hill .
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter .
A man is paddling a boat during a sunset .
a man paddles his canoe on the lake .
A man rows his boat while the sun sets .
A person in a hat reaches with a paddle while sitting in a canoe on a lake .
With the sun reflecting off the water , a man is sitting in a boat and rowing .
A female soccer player gives a teammate a piggyback ride .
A woman carrying another woman wearing matching exercise attire on her back .
The girl is hugging another girl outside .
There is a girl in a Puma jacket being hugged from behind by another girl .
Two athletic girls in PUMA outfits hugging each other .
a few small children drapped with black cloaks and black hats with red trim .
Five children dressed in black cloaks and hats .
five girls dressed alike.
Four children in black and red hats and black clothes perform .
Some children in black robes and black and red hats ,.
A boy cuts a flip in the grass .
A young man doing a flip on the grass .
Boy doing cartwheels in backyard .
The boy does a flip over a grassy yard .
Young boy in a brown shirt doing a back flip.
A dog chases another by a tree .
A dog jumps by a tree while another lays on the ground .
A dog leaps high in the air while another watches .
Two dogs are playing outside .
Two dogs play by a tree .
a brown and black dog running through a river.
A dog is running through some water .
A dog running through the water right toward the camera .
A large black and white dog is running through the water .
There is a black dog running in a shallow river .
A crowd of people is standing around a red , white and blue hot air balloon as it is readied to launch into the blue sky .
A crowd of people watch as a Remax hot air balloon gets ready to take off .
A hot air balloon just off the ground surrounded by people .
A red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd .
people next to a red , white and blue hot air balloon that is on the grass.
a boy holds a goat in his arms .
A boy wearing a blue hood holds a baby animal and smiles .
A boy with a coat on his head holds a goat.
The boy wearing the blue hooded top is holding a baby goat in his arms .
Young boy dressed in green holds baby goat in arms .
A man wearing a green jacket is holding onto a baby in an orange bonnet .
A small baby in winter clothing is being held upright to take a picture .
A small child in winter gear is being held steady by an adult .
A toddler girl wears a jacket and stands with a man .
The small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat .
A group of young boys playing soccer .
A little boy in green is kicking a soccer ball and 6 boys in referee shirts are following him .
A young boy kicks a soccer ball while six others play but are dressed as referee .
Little boys play soccer on the field .
Small children kick a soccer ball on a soccer field .
A boy pushes another child in a kid-sized car .
A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV .
one child in a red toy car while another pushes him.
Two boys play on a toy car .
Two young boys , the older pushing the younger in a jeep shaped wagon .
A boy climbs an indoor rock climbing wall .
A boy climbs a rock wall .
A boy is climbing up a rock-climbing wall while an older boy stands on the ground.
Boy rock climbing on a blue wall while an adult looks away .
Little boy climbing an indoor rock climbing wall .
A boy climbs into his toy car .
A child climbs into a go-kart .
A little boy in a blue coat is climbing into a red play truck .
a small boy in a blue jacket climbs into a power wheels vehicle.
A small child wearing a blue coat climbing into a red toy car .
A black dog is completely off the ground while in a race .
A black dog running in a race .
A black dog wearing a yellow vest running in a competition .
A black greyhound dog is running on a track wearing the number six on a yellow jacket .
A race dog numbered six is midair .
A girl is sitting on a log in the middle of some trees .
A little girl squats on a tree stump in the woods .
A young girl sits on a tree stump in the woods .
The girl in blue shorts is sitting on a broken tree stump .
The girl is sitting in the woods .
A boy jumping over another boy on a trampoline .
A boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline .
One boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline .
The little boy jumps over another little boy on the trampoline .
Two boys jumping on a trampoline .
a lone man casting a fishing line into the water at sunset .
A man is fishing in the ocean at dusk .
A man is standing on some rocks and casting a fishing line into the ocean.
A man looks at the sunset and the ocean , seen in silhouette .
Person fishing in large body of water with low sunlight .
A child rides a wooden horse .
A small boy rides a wooden toy and smiles .
A toddler is sitting on a wooden horse and smiling .
a young blond boy sitting on a wooden rocky horse .
The child is on a wooden rocking horse .
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water .
A brown and white dog is running through the river .
A dog emerging from a lake .
A dog runs through a creek and spashes water .
a dog runs through the water .
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow .
A large white dog watching a little black dog run in the snow .
A small dog and a large dog in the snow .
A tall white dog sits and watches a small black dog run around him in the snow .
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow .
a black and a white dog play with a rope toy in a backyard.
A black dog and a white dog are outside playing with a pull toy .
A black dog and a yellow dog play with a toy .
A white dog and a black dog holding a toy between them in their mouths .
Two dogs wrestle with a toy in the backyard .
A brown dog holding a foam bat aiming for a ball .
A brown dog in front of a white fence with a blue and red bat-shaped object in its mouth .
A brown dog is playing with a blue and red bat in his mouth .
A brown dog plays with a toy bat hanging out its mouth .
A long-haired dog is playing with a small , blue bat .
A boy in a swimming pool , wearing goggles , gives the " two thumbs up " sign .
a boy wearing a snorkeling mask gives two thumbs up in a pool.
A boy with a crew cut and goggles gives the thumbs up sign in a pool of water .
a young boy wearing a yellow scubba mask giving the thumbs up.
The boy in the water with the yellow goggles gives two thumbs up .
A child holding a tennis racquet running on a tennis court .
A child runs barefoot across a blacktop parking lot .
A small boy runs barefoot on a concrete surface while holding a racket .
A young boy playing tennis on a wet court with no shoes .
Boy running along court with tennis racket .
A brown dog running through the woods .
A dog running through a forest in the winter time.
A dog running through a lot of twigs .
A lean dog runs through a wooded area .
A weimaraner dog runs through the woods wearing a red collar .
A dog is jumping through the air in an open , snow covered field .
A dog jumps over the sand .
A little dog is leaping through the air over a snowy field .
Black dog jumps through snowy field .
There is a black dog jumping across sand .
A young boy in a paper crown is sitting in a shopping basket .
A young boy is wearing a paper crown while sitting in a grocery cart .
Boy with a red crown in a shopping cart .
Dark haired child wearing jacket and paper crown while sitting in shopping cart .
Kid wearing a paper crown sitting in a shopping cart .
A little girl on a bouncey playground animal sits while a woman takes her picture .
A woman and a child .
A woman in a checked coat is taking a photograph of a little girl sitting on a fake tiger .
A woman stands next to a child who is riding on a toy .
The lady takes a picture of the little girl on the ride .
A dog pees on the side of a fountain , another dog sniffs the wall , and one is being walked .
Several dogs are walking around on a brick street .
Three dogs are on a cobblestone road .
Three dogs are together outdoors checking out a fountain .
three dogs walk near the fountain .
a group of young children playing in the grass with toilet paper.
Four children having fun outside trying to cover each other in toilet paper .
Kids having play fight in toilet paper shreds .
The three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass .
Young children playing in a pile of toilet paper .
A group of people sitting at a table .
A man and a woman sit at a desk , another man stands behind the first man .
Three adults at work .
Two men and a woman in an office .
Two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired .
A girl and some ducks walk towards the water .
A little girl is creeping behind two ducks at the top of a cliff overlooking the ocean .
A person trails behind some ducks on the water to a lake .
A woman walks after two geese near the ocean .
Girl with two ducks on cliff overlooking the water .
A blond girl wearing a green jacket walks on a trail along side a metal fence .
A girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute.
A young girl in a parka playing a flute while walking by a fenced in field .
Girl in green and blue jacket walking past an enclosed field .
Girl playing flute as she walks by fence in rural area .
A dog jumps over some water .
a tan dog jumping across a stream.
A tan dog jumps across some water while another dog watches .
the white dog jumps over a stream of water .
White dog leaping across a small body of water .
A lady with glasses and a warm hat looks int other distance .
An elderly woman in a knitted cap and white jacket .
An elderly woman sits in a chair and wear a winter hat and coat .
An old woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair .
an old woman wearing a wildly decorated knit cap and a white jacket.
A blonde boy in a brown jacket sits on a tire swing .
A blonde child riding a tire swing .
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing .
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing .
Little boy swinging fast in tire swing .
A black dog and a tan dog wrestle .
A tan dog is on top of and growling at a doberman wearing a collar in the grass .
A white dog wrestles with a black and brown dog on the green grass .
Black and tan dog play fighting with a white and tan dog .
Two dogs wrestle either in fun or fight on a grassy lawn .
A light brown colored dog is playing ball with a redish brown colored dog in a fenced in area .
One dog with an object in its mouth is met by another dog nearby a fence .
Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard .
Two dogs are facing each other .
Two dogs run around in an outdoor enclosure .
A man in a black fedora smiles at the camera .
A man in a hat posing for a picture .
An older man in a weathered fedora smiles slightly for the camera .
An old man with blue eyes wears a big black hat .
The man is wearing a black hat , a beige shirt and has his sunglasses hanging off the shirt .
A dog runs by the water 's edge .
A dog walking along a canal and his reflection is on the water .
A tan dog is running along a river .
A white dog and a brown dog are by a stream .
Dogs near the edge of water .
Children are playing on the swings at a park .
Children playing on a swing set at a park .
seven children are playing on swings in a park .
Six children and two adults playing on or near a swing set .
Two children on one swing at a park with other children .
A boy in an orange shirt and red hat is standing next to a girl with a white shirt and blue pants in the sand next to the ocean .
A child and a grownup , each wearing hats , play by the ocean .
A woman and boy playing on a beach .
Two children are running towards the ocean on a beach .
Two children on the beach .
A girl dressed in a red polka dot dress holds an adults hand while out walking .
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk .
The woman is holding the hand of the little girl in the red dress with the polka-dotted skirt .
two indian women walk down a road .
Woman with headscarf and girl in red costume dress walk through urban area .
A boat is illuminated at night .
A large ship on the water at dusk .
A man is sitting on the end of hit boat overlooking the water .
A person sits on the front deck of a ship and a city and another ships is lit up in the distance .
A ship in a harbor at night with a city skyline behind .
A couple standing next to a fence looking at a body of water .
A man hugging his spouse looks across the water way .
The man is standing with his arms around the woman as they look at the canal .
Two people are standing next to a waterway canal .
Two people overlook a body of water during the day .
A boy in a red jacket slides down the ice .
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill.
A child in a red parka slides down a snowy hill .
Child sliding in the snow .
Little boy in a red jacket sliding in the snow .
A closeup of a man in glasses looking at the camera .
A guy wearing glasses .
A man in a suit with glasses stands in front of a blurry background .
a man in glasses with a blue jaket and shirt.
A man wearing glasses and a suit .
A brown-haired girl wearing a yellow and pink shirt , and carrying a blue backpack is walking next to a blue wall .
A girl beside a blue tarp wall wearing a backpack and a purse .
a girl on her way to class lined by a blue construction wall .
A girl wearing a blue backpack is walking beside a blue plastic fence .
A young girl wearing a yellow shirt with a blue backpack is walking next to a fence covered with a blue plastic cover .
A group of people are partying at a masquerade party .
A lady in red and black grins at the camera at a costume party .
A woman in a domino mask and severe hair is at a party .
A woman in a red dress and black mask is on a crowded dance floor.
A woman wears a red dress and a black mask while people dance behind her .
a black dog swimming through a river .
A black dog swims through the water .
Black dog swimming in water .
The black dog gets soaked as it plays in the water .
The dog is swimming in the water .
The greyhound racing dogs are running around a bend in the track .
There are three dogs racing around a muddy track .
Three dogs are making a turn in a dog race .
Three greyhound dogs wearing muzzles round the corner of a racetrack .
Three greyhounds racing around the corner of a track .
A blonde woman playing horseshoes in the snow .
A woman in a jacket is standing next to a fence playing horse shoes .
A woman outside throws a horseshoe .
A Yong lady in a grey hoodie is by a brown fence on a snowy day .
Woman standing outside holding a horseshoe in each hand .
A dog runs outside with a yellow toy .
A white dog fetching a yellow toy .
a white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth .
A white dog with a blue collar runs while carrying a yellow toy .
A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail towards the camera .
A child dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a small boy walk nearby .
A child wearing purple runs through splashing water while a man in red looks on .
A family playing the spray of a fountain .
A man and two toddlers get sprinkled as they pass an ornamental fountain .
a young girl wearing purple running through water.
A boy is standing open mouthed on the steps that lead down to the water .
A boy making an " oh ! " face in front of a bay .
A child is posing with a funny by for the camera by the water .
A kid making a funny face in front of the water.
A young boy is standing on some steps in front of the ocean .
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow .
A dog wearing a cover runs in the snow .
Dog in jacket running through snow.
Dog running though the snow in a green cover .
Dog wearing a coat running in a snowy field .
A boy wearing a brown shirt and hat sits on a box next to a girl in front of a store .
A girl with a toboggan and sunglasses smiles with her friend in the background as they do crafts .
Some teenagers smile from an outdoor table .
Ther are two young ladies sitting on crates with big smiles .
The two seated girls smile towards the camera .
A child on the beach while a woman takes pictures nearby .
A little girl in red at the beach while a adult points a camera .
A man and a girl are at the shoreline while the man takes a picture and the girl hods a doll.
A woman is taking a photograph on a beach at the edge of the water while a girl stands in the foreground .
A woman taking pictures of the surf and a child in the foreground .
A dog and a goat chase two kids playing soccer .
There are two kids , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outside in a field .
Two boys play soccer while a dog and a goat run after them .
Two children are playing soccer near to a black dog and a white goat .
Two children are playing with a soccer ball in a grassy field also containing a white goat and a small black dog .
A black dog wearing a blue shirt is jumping in the air.
A dog wearing a blue shirt is running and jumping through the air .
A dog with a blue blanket runs through the grass .
A dog with a muzzle and blue jacket runs around the yard .
The black greyhound dog is running on the grass wearing a blue jacket .
A boy gives being in the snow two thumbs up .
A boy sitting in the snow , giving a thumbs-up sign .
A little boy gives a thumbs up as he sits in the snow .
a small child in the white snow wearhing a blue coat giving two thumbs up .
Little boy sitting on snow gives the camera two thumbs up .
A furocious female tennis player about to hit a tennis ball in the air .
A woman dressed in a blue tennis outfit is returning a hit with her tennis racket.
A woman in blue hits a tennis ball in a tennis match .
A woman playing tennis .
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball .
people in red and pink walking down large steps.
People walk down steps .
Two people descending a set of gray steps .
Two people walking down some stairs .
two women walk down some stairs with intricate designs on the railings.
A boy in a green shirt and blue jeans riding a segway .
A boy in a green t-shirt is riding on a Segway.
A boy rides a Segway scooter through a crowded city plaza .
kid holding handles on two wheeled object.
The child in the green shirt is on a machine with wheels .
A dog goes through an obstacle course while a person looks on .
A dog is going through a slalom style obstacle course .
A dog performs a slalom-like obstacle while the owner walks along side .
A dog plays with a man by running around poles .
The woman is training a white dog to zigzag through metal poles .
A bald policeman is walking with a German shepherd dog by a metal crowd control barrier .
An officer and dog are walking in front of a queue of people .
A policeman is next to his German shepherd .
A policeman walks away from a gate with a large brown and black dog .
The policeman walks with his German shepherd .
A blond dog runs in the grass holding a stick in its mouth .
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth .
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside .
a small tan dog running in the grass with a stick in his mouth.
A tan dog carrying a stick runs over a garden hose lying in a low cut grassy area .
a buddist worships buddha .
A man is sitting in front of a Buddist monument .
A man stands in front of a statue .
A person prays at a shrine .
Monk praying before buddha statue .
A man in an orange construction uniform wears a white hardhat and sprays a water hose .
A man in an orange safety suit spraying water .
A man in a public road workers uniform sprays water .
A man wearing an orange uniform is working outside with a hose .
The man in the work uniform is using a water hose .
A child in a yellow shirt is looking at the body of water .
A group of people near a lake and on a bridge .
A little boy in a yellow shirt walks near the edge of a pond .
a young boy runs for the pond .
Reflections in water of people on bridge and child walking to the water 's edge.
A girl in a red shirt and brown pants is skating .
A woman is rollerblading in public.
The woman is skating in the park .
Woman in red shirt and white cap rollerblading on grey surface .
Woman wearing a red sweater , brown slacks and a white hat , rollerblading on the street in front of a yellow building .
A child playing on a red scooter .
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter .
A toddler on a plastic scooter toy .
A young child is riding a 3 wheeled scooter down the sidewalk .
A young child on a three-wheeled scooter .
A man parasails in the waves ,.
A man rides large waves on a wind sail .
A man windsurfs in the ocean .
A person parasails on the crest of a wave .
A windsurfer in the waves of the ocean .
A boy in a costume is sitting on a bike .
A child in a dragon costume on a bike .
A child wearing a costume rides a bike in winter .
A little boy on bike wearing dragon costume.
A young boy sits on his bike wearing a dragon costume .
A man carries two grocery bags , a sign of a funny man is by the pole near him .
A man dressed in a brown coat and bomber hat is carrying shopping bags and walking towards an intersection .
A man is carrying bags nearby an elevated roadway and crosswalk .
A person in a cap with earflaps carries two grocery bags down a city street past a poster of a mustached man .
Sombody has stuck the face of Groucho Marx on a walk do n't walk button .
A girl in a white dress walks next to a girl in a blue dress .
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress onstage .
A young girl with makeup and jewelry smiles .
Blonde girl in white top with stars standing beside brunette woman in blue top with stars .
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event .
A boy going down a small blue slide .
a kid sliding down a slide while another kid looks on.
A little boy is going down a blue slide .
A little boy is watching another little boy ride on a blue slide .
Two little blonde boys play on a slide in the backyard .
two dogs fight next to rocks.
Two dogs playfully wrestle in a rocky setting .
Two dogs playing next to rocks .
two dogs play on the dry ground .
Two dogs sit in the shade and lick each other 's face .
A black dog and a brown dog in snow .
The small dogs play in the snow .
Two long-haired puppy dogs have a romp in the snow .
Two Pomeranian dogs playing in the snow .
Two small dogs playing in the snow together .
two black and white dogs fighting in the snow.
two dogs bearing their teeth at each other in the snow .
Two dogs fight in the snow .
Two dogs with the same coloring look like they are going to bite each other in the face .
Two furry brown dogs are fighting in the deep white snow .
A boy plays basketball .
A boy wearing blue shorts is bouncing a basketball in front of the net .
A little boy plays with a basketball and a toy basketball hoop .
little boy playing basketball in the grass.
The child in the blue shorts dribbled the basketball .
Children in swimming suits playing in water .
kids are playing in water fountains.
Kids in bathing suits with water splashing around them .
Two children are playing at a water park .
Young children play in the sprinkler .
A girl hiking in front of a waterfall.
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall .
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall .
A person crosses the stream in front of a waterfall .
A woman is backpacking through a stream in front of a waterfall .
A black and white dog with its tongue out is walking .
A dog is standing on a footpath in front of a tree .
A dog pants while standing in the woods .
Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest.
The white and brown dog stands in front of the woods with its tongue hanging out .
Hooded women at event , one seated next to a table with large glasses on it .
People shopping at an outdoor marketplace .
Three women in headscarfs look at somthing out of frame .
Two woman wearing black shoes stand together while a person sits behind them .
Two women in black coats standing in front of a person sitting on a box on the ground .
A boy climbs a rigging on a boat .
A boy climbs a sailboat mast .
A boy wearing climbing gear climbs by a wooden pole .
A small child climbs ropes hung near a large pole .
The boy is climbing up a rope ladder .
A boy riding a unicycle in the park .
A person is riding a unicycle around orange cones .
A person riding a large unicycle .
A unicycle rider in the foreground with other cyclists in the background .
A young person wearing a helmet rides a unicycle .
A dog and its owner takes a run .
A woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog .
A woman in a black sweatshirt is walking on a dock with a wet dog .
A woman walks a dog down a wooden path .
The girl with the black T-shirt is out with a large brown dog .
A dog runs by two cows .
A light brown dog is playing in front of two spotted cows .
Dog herding cows.
Dog running in front of two white and brown cows .
Two cows stand nearby while a dog races past both of them .
A brown dog is running outside .
A brown dog runs in a field .
A brown dog runs in a field while its ears fly to the sides .
A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera .
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running .
A black dog is running through a swampy area with tall reeds .
A large dog runs through a field in the rain .
Black dog runs through field in the rain .
The dog runs through the field .
The speckled dog runs through the marsh .
A dog chasing a toy duck .
A dog runs across the grass to get his toy .
the dog barks at the toy .
The light colored dog is chasing after a toy outdoors .
White dog chasing a yellow toy .
A baby is sitting on the floor surrounded by diapers and basket .
A baby on a floor with an overturned basket and articles on the floor .
A baby plays near an overturned basket of diapers .
A toddler sits with diapers spread around the floor .
a young baby sitting in the middle of the floor surrounded by clean diapers.
A brown dog is running on a dirt path .
A dog is running down a dirt path .
A running golden retriever.
A yellow dog running down a sandy path .
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road .
A brown and white dog running into the water.
A brown and white dog running through water towards a toy .
A brown dog is running into the ocean as it chases a purple Frisbee .
A dog splashing in the water .
The dog runs out into the ocean .
One young boy in a striped shirt is chasing another boy on a path through the jungle .
The children are walking on the path lined by trees .
Two boys are running on a path amoung green leafy trees .
Two boys run on a well maintained trail .
Two young children , one in striped top , running down pathway surrounded by ferns .
A brown dog is running in a grassy plain .
A brown dog runs along a path in the grass .
Dog running in field.
Dog running on narrow dirt path .
The dog is running along a path that has been made through the uncut grass .
A child plays at a playground .
A little boy stands wide-legged , each foot on each side of the tube slide .
A little boy wearing a red shirt is standing on a slide .
A young boy climbing in a playhouse.
Boy on playground equipment.
A family is playing on the beach with their dog .
A fluffy black-and-white dog runs from three people on a sandy beach .
A shaggy dog runs in front of three people on the beach .
a small black and white dog running on the beach with several people in the background.
Dog in foreground with three people in background .
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud .
A monster truck gets stuck in a muddy hole .
An ATV attempts to get out of a ditch .
A truck climbs a muddy hill .
The truck appears to be stuck in the mud .
A boy and a baby in a ridable truck .
Two children riding in a small child 's toy vehicle .
Two little boys are driving past adults in their toy jeep .
Two little boys ride in a toy truck .
Two little boys sit in a toy car on the grass .
A black and brown dog is running through the woods .
A black and brown dog runs through the woods .
A dog running through the woods .
A dog runs through the woods .
Brown dog with mouth open running toward camera in a wooded area .
A man is in a truck that is lying on its side during a truck event .
A red and white car is overturned on a dirt track .
a red car has rolled over on a dirt track .
The vehicle is lying on its side with the driver inside .
This off-roading driver has tipped his truck .
a bearded man in a white shirt and black shorts is hiking on a woodland path .
A man in a white shirt is standing on a trail in the woods .
A man wearing a water pack and shorts on an outdoor trail .
A short stubby man with a backpack is standing in a forest.
This man , wearing a white t-shirt and black shorts , is standing on a path in the forest .
The three children are holding umbrellas and watching the ceremony in the rain .
Three children with colorful umbrellas stand in the rain .
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera .
Three girls stand under umbrellas before a stage .
three girls take cover under their umbrellas .
A big dog holds its paw out to keep another dog at bay .
A large dog wards off a smaller dog .
Large dog plays with two smaller dogs on grass .
The brown and white great Dane plays with two yellow dogs in the grass .
Two smaller dogs and one larger dog with a puffy white tail are playing in a field .
A dog jumping from another dog .
One dog is jumping in the air and the other is standing next to it .
The two dogs are jumping around .
Two dogs are playing .
Two large brown and white dogs are playing in a grassy area .
A miniature dachshund has an apron on its back .
a small brown dog is running across the grass wearing a purple and green coat .
A small dog wearing a purple and green cape.
Brown dog , with green and purple cape , runs on grass .
The dog is wearing a purple cape .
A girl using a laptop , another girl , and a boy looking at his cellphone .
A group of people sit against a building and use electronics .
Three people sit near a street .
Three people sitting in front of a store on a bench .
Three young people sit outside and engage with electronic devices .
A boy in an orange shirt runs across a parking lot with graffiti on the wall behind him .
A boy wearing a red jersey is running in the street .
A young boy in an orange shirt is smiling as he runs in a city scene .
A young boy in blue shorts and a red shirt runs by graffiti .
a young man running on a sidewalk with graffiti in the background.
A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water .
A black and white dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
a dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
A dog swims retrieving a stick .
This black and white dog is retrieving a stick from the water .
A brown and white dog leaps .
A brown dog is jumping over a grassy mound near to a lake .
A corgi jumps off a bale of hay , m water and buildings behind it .
A dog jumps over hay .
A small brown and white dog is jumping over bushels of hay .
A boy in a red jacket points at red tulips .
A boy in red is pointing to a red tulip .
A child in a red jacket is pointing at beautiful orange flowers .
A child in a red longsleeve shirt is pointing at the red tulips .
The child in the red jacket is looking at the flowers .
A football game .
A Oklahoma football player standing.
A play just beginning during a football game .
Football players playing a football game .
Sooners football player number 50 plays in a game .
A football player dodges a tackle from his opponent .
A football player in red chases a football player in blue .
A football player in red is trying to tackle another player who has the ball .
A football player wears a jersey wuth the number " 4 " on it .
The football player in the gold helmet is running .
A discouraged looking football coach .
A football coach holds a headset .
A man in a white shirt with a white hat holding a pair of headphones at a field based game .
a man wearing a white shirt is carrying a headset communications device along the touchline in a sports stadium .
Man in visor and polo shirt holding electronic device near a sports field.
A man runs on the football field carrying the ball in front of the ref .
A man runs with the football at a professional or collegiate game .
An American footballer in a white and purple strip is making a run with the ball .
A UW football player runs with the ball .
The football player runs with the ball across the field .
A coach at a game .
A coach for a game listens to his headphones and watches the game .
A coach wearing a white shirt and hat on the sidelines of a game .
A football coach watches a play being made .
A man wearing a white shirt is wearing an at&t headphone at a game .
a crowd wearing red , cheers on the red football team .
Football players in red congratulate each other as crowds in red cheer behind .
The Oklahoma Sooners football team discuss their game while fans cheer .
Two football players talk during a game .
Two Oklahoma Sooner football players talk on the sideline .
There is a college player being tackled in a game .
The two football players in white jerseys and purple pants tackle the player in the red jersey .
Three football players are tackling a red uniformed football player during a football game .
Three football players in purple uniforms try to tackle a player in a red uniform .
Two football players try to tackle a player of the opposite team .
A cheerleader dressed in red smiles and cheers .
A smiling blond cheerleader runs with an audience in the background .
A smiling dancer dressed in red is on the football field with fans in the stadium bleachers behind her .
A woman in a red sports outfit is running on the grass in front of a crowd of spectators .
A woman in a red suit is running in a field in front of a crowd .
A man tackles another man while playing football .
Men playing football .
one football player in a red jersey jumping onto a player wearing a white jersey.
The American footballer wearing red is pushing the player in white to the ground .
Two football players bang into each other during a football game .
A group of football players are playing football .
A quarterback gets ready to throw the football .
A quarterback ready to pass the football in the middle of a play .
A quarterback scans the football field while the offensive line protects him .
There is a notre dame quarterback dropping back into the pocket at a game .
A coach talks to a football player during a timeout .
A football coach speaks with a player .
A football player in red and white is talking to a coach .
Coach talks with football player , other players and crowd in background .
There is a football player in a red jersey on the field talking to his coach .
A coach speaking to a football player while everyone watches .
A football player from OU talks to the coach about the game .
A football player is talking to his coach .
The coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members .
The coach talks it over with his quarterback during a timeout .
A boy cheerleader has a girl cheerleader on his knee .
A female cheerleader sits on the knee of a male cheerleader .
cheerleaders taking a break.
The cheerleader in red and white is sitting on the knee of a man also wearing red and white .
Two cheerleaders are sitting at a football game .
a football player in a red jersey getting his knee looked at by another man.
A man is checking out an injured football player at a game .
An injured football player is being nursed on the field in the middle of a game .
two men examine a football players leg .
Two men help an injured player on the field .
A football player is trying to tackle another one .
A man in a Sooners jersey blocks an attempted UW tackle .
One football player tries to tackle a player on the opposing team .
The football player in red keeps the football away from the player in purple and white .
The football player in white is defending against the player in red who is running with the ball .
Oklahoma University 's Sooners football team playing against a rival .
Three football players are in action on the field.
Three football players playing a game while fans watch from the bleachers .
two American footballers in red are confronted by an opposition player in purple and white whilst being watched by spectators in a stadium .
Two football players attempt to advance the ball against a would be tackler .
A college football game is in progress .
A football player runs along the sidelines with a football as a crowd watches .
An American footballer in a red strip is running down the side of the field with the ball .
The football player is running with a football trying to score .
The football player is trying to outrun his opponent .
A football player from the Sooners is about to be taken down by the opposing team in a game .
A football player tries tackling another player who has the ball .
An Sooners football player eluding the tackle of two Huskies defenders .
The football player is running with the ball as a player of the opposing team grabs his leg.
The Sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled .
A horse mascot gives high fives to some football fans .
A horse mascot stands in front of several kids .
A mascot at a sporting event waves to the crowd .
A team mascot raising its hands toward people .
Oklahoma horse mascot in a sea of red fans.
football players on the field as a Sooner tries to tackle a player.
Men playing football in front of large crowd in stadium.
Oklahoma football player running after a Wisconsin player during a game .
Three football players are running on the field while a large crowd is watching.
Three football players turn as a crowd wearing red watches .
A crowd is standing and cheering at a football game .
A crowd of people watching a football game with a player wearing red and cheerleaders also wearing red .
A football player is grabbing the ankle of another player who is holding the ball .
An Oklahoma football player is about to score .
The fans at a football game cheer while the player runs towards the endzone .
A football player is kicking the ball while the opposing fans watch .
A football player kicks the ball during a game with a red shirted crowd looking on .
A male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game .
A man punting a football as fans from the opposing team watch in the background.
The Sooners play another football team , number 17 goes after the ball .
A man in a baseball hat and sunglasses watching an event in a crowd .
A man in a blue hat is watching something that is happening off camera .
A man in sunglasses and a baseball cap stands beside a TV cameraman in stadium full of people .
A man in sunglasses and a blue cap looking onward .
The man in the gray shirt has a blue baseball cap on .
A football player is in action among other players .
a football player points .
An African-American football player , wearing jersey number 12 for the University of Oklahoma , throws a football to his left .
On a football field , there is a played in a red jersey and the crowd is behind him .
Several football players in a stadium.
An American footballer in red is being tackled by three players in white whilst other red players look on .
An Oklahoma player is tackled playing football.
Football player being tackled by group of other players on field .
Football players are tackling a football player carrying the football .
The football player is being tackled .
A group of football players running down the field .
The crowd is watching a football game .
The football players in red are attempting a play against those in purple , white , and gold .
The man in red has the football , and the team in white is nearby .
Three Oklahoma Sooners playing football against another team , one of the sooners with the ball in their possession .
A group of men play a college football game .
A red team and a white team are playing football .
Football players avoiding a fumble .
The football player in red is running with the all towards the player in white .
The football players are wearing red and white , and the crowd is also wearing red and white .
A football player clutches the ball while running down the field .
A football player running with the ball .
A football player running with the ball at a game .
A football player wearing a gold helmet runs holding a football .
an American footballer in a white strip is making a run with the ball .
A bunch of football players , and a crowd .
A football game .
a large group of football players about to start a game with a large group watching.
Two football teams at the line of scrimmage.
Two football teams lined up before the hike .
A football player passes the football to a teammate as the crowd looks on .
A quarterback hands off the football to a running back .
The football players wear purple pants , gold helmets and white jerseys .
Two football players fight to gain possession of the ball .
Two football players make a play , while the other team looks on .
A football player runs with a ball , chased by the opposing team .
A football player runs with the ball as others run towards him .
A player has the football as a crowd in red and white watches.
The American football team in white are attempting to stop the player in red who is running with the ball .
Two teams playing a football game in a packed stadium.
A football player in blue and one in red play in a game .
A Sooners football player moves quickly on the field as another player runs .
The guy in the blue and white jersey is running , and the guy in the red and white jersey is falling .
The two players , on opposite teams , are in the middle of a football game , while others watch .
Two men play football .
a football player getting tackle.
A football player is tackled .
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground.
Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team .
Three football players tackle another player who is holding a ball .
A red uniformed football player tackles an opposing player .
One football player is tackling another player .
there are two football players in red jerseys tackling a man wearing a white jersey.
Three football players and two are fighting for the ball .
Two football players are tackling one player of the opposite team .
A football player in a purple uniform holds the ball while a player in red tries to tackle him .
A football player in white is being tackled by a Oklahoma University player .
An American footballer in a red outfit is attacking the player in white who is running with the ball , whilst other players are nearby .
A Sooners football player is tackling an opposing player .
The receiver is tackled after making the catch .
A football player in red and white is holding both hands up .
Football players gather around the referees .
Football players gathering to contest something to collaborating officials .
Oklahoma University football players in front of a crowd of Sooners fans and next to three referees .
The red and white football team is talking with the officials .
A Sooners football player in his red and white uniform being lifted by two teamates dressed the same .
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging .
The football players in the red and white team uniforms are jumping up and down .
Three athletes in red and white uniforms and helmets .
Three football players wearing red jerseys are on the field .
Football player Quarterback in red Sooners jersey and red helmet prepares to receive snap.
Football players huddle and get ready for the game .
Football players stand at the line of scrimmage .
Oklahoma Sooner football players on the field .
The Sooners quarterback is waiting for the snap from his center .
A football game in progress .
Football players are on the field .
Men play football as a crowd watches .
Quarterback waiting for snap of football .
Two football teams compete .
A football player being tackled from behind by another player from a different team in front of a crowd .
A football player in a Sooners jersey , runs down a field with a large crowd in the background .
A football player in red being tackled by opponents in white .
A football player wearing a number 23 white jersey tackles a football player wearing a red , number three jersey while fans cheer .
A football tackle in progress with a crowd in the background .
A football player tries diving after another player .
A pro football player tackles another player on the goal line in a crowded stadium .
Football player in white and purple uniform with legs being tackled by player in red and white uniform .
Football player tackling another player in a football game .
The red football player is grabbing the purple and white player 's leg to try and stop him .
A football layer wearing a red shirt .
A football player facing off against two others .
A football player for the Sooners stands in front of the oppsing team waiting for the next play .
A football player in a red uniform is standing in front of other football players in a stadium .
defensive player waiting for the snap.
A football player for the Sooners is preparing for the next play during a game .
A football player in a Sooners uniform .
A football player wearing a Sooners uniform with the number 42 .
A man in a red football uniform prepares to play .
The football player dressed in red looks down field .
A football player kicks the ball .
An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball .
A player for the Oklahoma Sooners football team punts the ball during a game .
Oklahoma University kicker , kicking the football.
The football player in red kicks off the ball .
A football player holding a football .
a football player in red gets ready to throw a football .
a lone football player wearing a red and white jersay holding a football .
The football player dressed in red and white gets ready to throw the ball .
The football player gets ready to throw the ball .
A football coach standing with his players behind him .
A group of football players in gold helmets stand around a man in a purple shirt .
A group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official .
A man in blue shirt is surrounded by football players .
A man surrounded by football players .
Two blonde girls wear sports jerseys while watching a game together .
Two girls sit near a wall and watch a sporting event .
Two girls wearing red jerseys , each with long light brown hair , sit in the stands .
Two young , blonde girls in red and white ball uniforms with people behind them .
Two young girls appear to be at attention during the national anthem .
A coach in a white polo shirt on a football field.
A football coach is walking on a football field .
A man in a white shirt is walking on a football field in front of some players .
A man on the coaching staff for OU has sunglasses on his head during a football game .
A team manager out on the football field during a game .
A man in sunglasses , blue shirt and beige pants walks across an athletic field .
A man is walking along a field .
A man walks down a field with a crowd in the stands behind him .
The head coach is walking out on the field .
The man with the white pants and blue Nike shirt has a whistle around his neck .
A football team doing excercises.
A football team doing their stretches before the game starts .
Football players are stretching together .
The football players are working on stretching their legs .
The four football players in red stretch on the green turf .
african Americans play football .
A group of football players in red and white uniforms .
a large group of football players sitting on a field wearing red and white jerseys .
Many football players sitting on the ground .
Two men in football uniforms sit on the grass , looking unhappy .
A fan checks his cellphone while watching a football game .
A man dressed in red takes a picture of a sporting event .
A man in a red shirt is watching a football game .
A man in red holds up a cellphone on the sidelines of football game .
A man in red takes cellphone pictures at a football game .
A man is wearing a Sooners red football shirt and helmet .
A Oklahoma Sooners football player wearing his jersey number 28 .
A Sooners football player weas the number 28 and black armbands .
Guy in red and white football uniform.
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip .
A football player is in a red and white uniform Sooners # 28 .
A large football player in a red uniform.
A man in a red football uniform and helmet looks to the left .
The Oklahoma football player watches the game from the sidelines .
This football team wears red shirts and red helmets .
A closeup photo of a football player for the Sooners team who is wearing a red jersey with the number 19 .
A football player with a red Sooners jersey on .
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left .
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip .
Man in playing football in Sooners jersey number 19.
A crowd of people standing in front of statues .
A group of people gather in front of plastic statues .
Group of people gathering around a parade float .
Several people are gathered by some statues .
Some people are gathered around a truck carrying some statues .
A child in a red jacket jumping off of a rock into sand .
A girl jumps off a rock while another stands on it .
A girl with a red coat is jumping and the girl in the brown coat is holding a stick .
This girl is jumping off of a rock onto the sand .
young girl in winter coat jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach.
A group of people are standing on a platform and waiting for the subway train .
Commuters on a subway platform as the train pulls in.
Crowd waiting fro the train .
many people wait for the train .
Several people wait for a train .
A guy with long brown curly hair wearing a white t-shirt is looking into the camera with something in his mouth  a.
A man in a white t-shirt eating candy .
A man with a lolly pop in his mouth smiles .
A person with a lolly pop and a white shirt is smiling in a store .
Person in a graphic print t-shirt standing in front of shelves of purses and shoes .
A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
a black and white dog wearing a blue shirt carrying a toy in its mouth .
A brown dog with a blue suit on is playing with a toy over fake grass .
A dog in a blue sweater leaps while holding an object in its mouth .
A dog wearing a blue sweater holds a yellow toy in its mouth .
The black dog is wearing a blue jacket and playing with a toy .
A girl dances like a man in costume.
A little girl and a man dancing .
A man in a black suit dances with a young girl in plaid pants in an outdoor plaza .
The girl in the pink top is dancing with a man dressed in a blues brothers suit .
The little girl dances with a Blues Brothers impersonator .
A black dog walking on the beach .
A black dog walks along a rocky beach .
A wet black dog is walking in the sand .
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind .
Large furry dog walking in the sand near large rocks .
A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
A man dances with a girl .
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
Two little girls with no facial expressions stand close to each other in a city .
Two young asian girls look off into the distance while standing in an urban area .
Two young asian girls stand in the street and look concerned .
Two young girls look at something .
Two young girls looking very concerned .
A boy in black clothes is doing a cartwheel on the beach .
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach .
A person with black shorts and shirt does a handstand on the beach .
A young boy doing a handstand on the beach .
The person is doing a handstand on the beach .
A group of people stand on a brick path .
Four runners pose for a picture .
They are posing for a picture .
Two couples stop to take a photo .
Two young couples posing for a picture in exercise clothing .
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes .
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean .
A dog is running through the ocean .
The brown dog is running in the water .
The brown dog is running parallel to the waves in the water .
An older woman in hiking clothing and a summer hat smiles .
An old lady wearing a hat and smiling .
A woman in a sunhat is wearing sunglasses and laughing .
A woman with a hat , sunglasses and a backpack walks outdoors .
Women in hat and sunglasses smiles .
A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water .
a baby who is sticking out its tongue is being held inside a bowl of water .
A cute baby takes a bath in a large clear bowl .
A little baby is taking a bath in a large Tupperware bowl filled with water .
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water .
A white dog runs past another dog who is standing beside some patio furniture .
Two dogs are outside near patio furniture .
two small brown and white dogs standing beside some white chairs.
Two small dogs play on the lawn .
Two small white dogs play in the yard .
A boy in a brown jacket is standing on chains between two wooden posts .
A child standing on a heavy chain fence at a dock .
A little boy climbing over a chain fence .
A little boy standing and playing on a chained fence .
Boy climbing on a chain fence .
A girl sits in a car wearing sunglasses and a hat .
a girl wears black sunglasses .
A little girt in sunglasses and warm coat going for a ride .
A small child with winter gear wears black sunglasses and a blue hat .
A smiling child wearing a hat and sunglasses sits in a car .
A child is in colorful , native clothing .
A girl in colorful clothes and hat posing for the camera .
An Asian girl is dressed in a colorful costume and yellow headdress .
A woman wearing a colorful costume looks at the camera .
A young woman with colorful clothes on .
A man walking in front of a black cement wall with a bag on his shoulder .
A man wearing a black shirt and carrying a messenger bag is walking .
A man with a brown bag walks in front of a gray wall .
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall .
There is a man walking with a bag in front of a black square paneled wall .
A child in an orange shirt sitting on a blue and white toy car .
A little boy with an orange shirt is riding his blue and white toy car .
A small child on a blue toy is wearing an orange shirt .
A toddler boy is riding a push car designed as a police car in a home .
The boy is riding on a toy truck .
A man holding and kissing a crying little boy on the cheek .
a man in a green shirt is kissing a crying toddler whilst watching runners in a road race .
A man kissing a baby at a marathon .
A man wearing a green shirt is trying to comfort his crying child by holding the child and giving him a kiss on the cheek .
Man kisses crying baby at a marathon .
A boy bounces in an inflatable playhouse .
A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent .
A boy jumping in a moonwalk .
A kid takes flight inside a multicolored balloon bounce house .
A young boy jumping in a jumping castle .
A dog jumps up towards a woman in a car , while another dog is outside the car .
An orange dog and a little white dog with black spots are next to a white car .
A small black and white dog jumps at a woman in a white jeep while a golden dog follows beside them .
A small dog jumps by a car to reach a lady 's face while another dog watches .
White and black dog jumps at someone through car window .
A baby in a white and pink dress walks outside .
A little girl wears a white dress and pink flip flops .
A small toddler girl in a white dress walking.
A young Asian girl wearing a dress running .
A young Asian girl wearing flip flops and a flowered sundress runs down the street .
A child sits in a plastic toy car .
A little kid in a toy car .
Small girl riding in play car .
There is a child in a red and yellow toy car .
The small child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car .
A man in an orange shirt plays fetch with a black French poodle.
A person in an orange coat prepares to throw a stick to a black dog .
A person playing with her large black dog .
A woman holding a stick out for a dog .
Woman in orange jacket playing with a black dog.
A child running outside with a bright colored ball next to her .
A little girl in a red and white shirt is playing with a inflatable ball .
A little girl is running by a colorful ball on the grass .
A little girl , running in the grass , kicking a beach ball .
The girl is running on the grass next to a colorful toy .
Two naked boys at a pool .
Two naked boys smiling and playing .
Two naked children , one with a mark on his chest .
Two naked young boys play in the water .
Two young , naked boys are wet , while one raises his arm .
A Dachshund going for a walk .
A little brown dog walks on the sidewalk with its tongue sticking out .
a little brown dog with a blue collar is being walked along a path .
A small brown dog is pulling on its blue and white leash while on a walk .
A small brown dog on a leash .
A boy with a metal colander on his head .
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head .
A mad boy who has a bowl on his head .
A young boy wears a metal colander on his head .
This boy in the striped shirt is putting a strainer on top of his head .
A man in a red coat stands in front of a lighthouse surrounded by a stone wall .
A man in a red jacket is standing in front of a tall white building .
Female in red jacket standing in front of a white tower surrounded by rocks .
Girl in red jacket poses for a picture in front of a white lighthouse .
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse .
A child standing in the grass with their arms spread wide .
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides .
A young boy with long curly hair walks outside with his arms spread .
a young child wearing a green shirt with his arms wide open.
A youngster playing in the park .
A guy is hanging on a big rock in the woods .
A large rock formation in the middle of a forest .
A man hangs from the edge of a rock .
A person hangs of the vertical side of gigantic rocks in a wooded area .
This appears to be a woman posing near a large , moss-covered rock outcropping .
A boy in the woods .
A boy wearing a white shirt climbs on a forest hill .
A little boy in blue jeans climbs a small incline in the woods and turns around to smile .
A smiling boy kneeling in a forest .
A young boy smiling in the woods .
A little boy in a black shirt is holding a red guitar .
A little boy is playing a miniature guitar and making a face .
A little boy rocks out with his small guitar .
A toddler plays the guitar and pretends to be a rock star .
A young boy is playing a red guitar .
Five young people on the street , two sharing a bicycle .
Several young people , two on a bike , are walking near parked vehicles .
Three girls carrying large handbags are walking down the sidewalk .
Three women walk down a city street , as seen from above .
three young woman walking down a sidewalk looking up.
A kid wearing a brown hoodie doing an ollie .
A man in a hoodie skateboards in front of a blue sky and building , shot from below .
A skateboarder jumps midair near a building .
A skateboarder making a jump .
Man with jeans and a hooding doing skateboarding tricks .
A blonde woman with her hair up is taking off a white sweatshirt .
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera .
A girl with a white sweatshirt and blond hair is smiling .
A woman poses for a picture outdoors .
A woman with blonde hair is smiling and putting on a white sweater .
A naked woman is taking a dip in an isolated rocky pool .
A naked woman kneels on the rocks of a shallow stream .
A naked woman steps into the water .
A nude woman submerges herself in a natural pool .
Woman wearing a body suit standing on some large rocks with a green hill in the background .
A girl waterskis on an autumn day .
A person is waterskiing in a lake near autumn colored trees .
A person on a waterski .
A waterskier being pulled dressed for the cold with a life jacket on .
A young person is wakeboarding off the back of a water vehicle .
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella .
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub .
Two kids are taking a bath with an umbrella .
Two little kids are in a bathtub with a yellow and blue umbrella .
two young children under a blue and yellow umbrella .
A dog in a field jumps for a Frisbee .
a small black and white jumping to catch something in its mouth .
A small , white dog with his tongue out is jumping up to catch a toy .
A white dog is jumping up in the air to catch a Frisbee .
White dog with dark markings jumping to catch an object .
A boy speeding down a steep slide .
A boy wearing all black is sliding down a blow up yellow slide .
A kid in black going down an inflatbale slide .
Boy sliding down a slide on his knees .
The boy is coming down the amusement slide on his knees .
Three black dogs on grass .
Three black dogs play in the glass .
Three black dogs play in the grass .
three dogs run through the grass .
Three large black dogs are playing in the grass .
A group of people sit on both sides of a red stone structure .
a group of people sitting on the ground outside of a monument .
A group of people sit together near the stairs of a monument .
Many people sit at the base of a large marble archway engraved with names .
People sit on both sides of a memorial .
A big dog and a little dog stand near each other near the water .
A large brown dog and a small brown dog are standing near each other beside a body of water .
The two dogs are walking past each other on a beach.
Two brown dogs together standing on the bank of a lake .
Two dogs pass each other near some water .
A big brown dog sniffs a smaller dog in the gravel beside a body of water .
a big dog stiffing a smaller dog near the edge of a river .
A large dog stands with a smaller dog near the edge of the water .
A red dog looks at a brown dog on a dirt path next to a lake .
The big dog is checking out the smaller dog .
A child in a fuzzy blue hat on a tricycle .
A little girl with a purple fuzzy hat is riding a tricycle outside .
A little girl with purple hat is riding a tricycle along paved road by some farmland .
A young girl in blue hat and coat is riding a tricycle .
Little kid in blue coat and hat riding a tricycle .
A.
A black and white dog is climbing down a hill .
A black and white dog is sliding down a sandy hill .
A black and white dog wearing a red collar is digging in the dirt .
A black dog running on a sand mound .
A black and white dog runs over the green grass .
A brown and white dog is running on the grass .
A dog running on the grass.
A dog runs in a field .
A smiling dog runs in the grass .
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy .
Two dogs fight over a green stuffed toy .
Two dogs holding a green and orange toy between them .
Two dogs , one brown and white , the other black and white , play tug-of-war with a green toy .
Two dogs sharing a toy .
A boy rides his skateboard up an incline next to a fence .
A teenage boy skateboards by a fence .
A teenager is riding a skateboard alongside a metal fence .
a young man with a black striped shirt on skateboarding on a wall .
boy skateboarding on ledge.
The children in the scene are in a petting zoo and are acting like a duck or chicken .
Two children play in a yard with farm animals .
Two children playing around farm animals .
Two children playing in a fenced in grassy area with farm animals .
Two kids playing in a yard with some farm animals .
A man in a striped scarf walking down the sidewalk .
A man in black with a scarf walks down a street .
A man walks down the street .
a man wearing black , walks down the street .
A young man wearing jeans and jacket walking down a street .
A girl has her head in a wooden cut out of a pirate ship while people throw tomatos .
A little girl throws an object at a man who is standing behind a cutout of a sailor on a ship .
A young boy and girl are trying to hit a man with balls in a fair game .
Children are throwing food at someone as part of an amusement park game .
Children watching a play .
A brown and white dog attempts to catch a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field .
A dog is catching a ball .
A dog is running and catching a ball.
A dog is running on the sand whilst chasing a ball .
A dog with its mouth wide open to catch a ball in the sand .
A dog running in the sand .
A white dog is running on sand .
A white dog running on a dirt field.
The white dog with pointed ears is running on the dirt .
Two white dogs outside on a sunny day .
A girl cross-country skis .
A girl on skis in snow .
A little girl wearing a purple winter coat and sunglasses skiing in the snow .
Little girl on skis.
The young girl is cross-country skiing .
A man sitting at an outside table , eating lunch , marking on a paper .
a single man sitting at a round table reading outside of a shop.
Man reading a newspaper at an outdoors restaurant .
Man reading in a chair outside.
The man is taking notes at the table .
a biker bikes through the woods .
A girl on a bike is wearing a backpack and a helmet , and riding through a wooded area .
A mountain biker rides in the woods .
A woman rides her bike by some trees .
a woman wearing a black helmet riding on a bike.
A girl bouncing on a colorful sheet .
A girl in a bounce house .
A girl playing on a parachute .
The little girl is playing with her shoes off .
This girl is playing on an object which is yellow , green , red , and blue .
A black dog chasing geese .
A dog chases two geese .
A dog chasing 2 geese in an open field .
A large , black dog is chasing two geese in a field .
Dog runs after two geese in field.
A brown dog runs through the water on a beach .
A dog in the water near the beach with an urban horizon behind .
A dog running in the surf .
Tan and white dog running in water .
The large brown and white dog splashes on the shore .
A child is crying in a low cut field with a drainage pipe nearby .
A child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain .
A young boy sitting is a field with a drain pipe in the background .
Baby by sewer drain cries.
The young child is sitting on the grass in a park .
A man is standing on a stone structure with his arms out like a bird .
a man standing on a concrete platform with his arms wide open.
Man standing on rock with outstretched hands .
Man with outstretched arms standing on a stone base.
The man is standing on a stone stump on top of a hill with his arms outstretched .
A brown dog is chasing a black dog on the sand .
A dog holding a stick running in the sand , chased by a grey dog .
Two dogs fetch sticks in the snow next to the tree line .
Two dogs running near a line of tall trees .
Two dogs running through sand .
A male hiker wearing a brown hat is standing next to a triangular monument on the top of a mountain .
A man stands at the peak of a mountain and has his hand on a monument .
A man stands near a statue on a mountaintop .
A man stands on a peak near a statue .
A man with a hat stands next to a pyramid-shaped monument on a cliff .
A girl in a gray shit is throwing her hands up .
A girl in a grey shirt puts her hands over her head in a gesture .
A young dark haired girl with her hands raised over her head .
A young girl in a grey illustrated shirt is holding her hands over her head .
A young girl raises her arms over her head in front of a couple of other people in the park .
A girl wearing a brown cap , red sneakers , and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench .
A hiker in a jacket and knit cap sits with a backpack on atop a stone with a cloudy sky in the background .
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block , looking out .
A woman with her backpack sits on a large rock and looks down over the mountains .
The lady is sitting on a rock .
A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
One boy rides a tricycle while another walks beside him .
two indian children walk and ride bikes down the street .
Two little boys in yellow shirts and red shorts .
Two small boys are wearing red shorts and yellow sleeveless shirts .
Two young children with red dots are their foreheads are both wearing yellow shirts and red shorts and one is riding a red tricycle .
A black dog bites at a stream of water on the grass .
A black dog is being squirted with a jet of water .
A dog drinks from a sprinkler .
A dog drinks water outside on the grass .
The dog tries to bite the water coming out of the sprinkler .
A man hands out fliers while wearing a mask .
A man in a blue shirt and tie is wearing a white mask whilst handing out papers .
A man in a button up shirt and tie is wearing a smiling mask .
A masked man in blue shirt and a tie holding papers in front of him .
Man in business attire with Guy Fawkes mask holding paper at protest .
A black and white dog catc.
A black and white dog is playing with a Frisbee outside .
A black and white dog jumps to catch the green Frisbee .
A black and white dog leaps to catch a Frisbee in a field .
A small black and white dog jumping on the grass to catch a Frisbee.
a couple riding a bike.
a couple riding down the street on a motorcycle.
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle .
A man sits on a motorcycle and a woman is on the back .
Two people ride together on a black motorcycle .
A man in a gray shirt jumps in the air .
A man in shorts and a t-shirt is jumping in front of a desert landscape.
A man jumping .
A man jumping in front of a mountain .
A man wearing a gray shirt jumps through the air with mountains in the background .
Two black and brown dobermans running in a field playing ball .
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field .
Two doberman 's run through a field while one of them holds a tennis ball in its mouth .
Two dogs run around together in the field .
Two large black dogs , one with a ball in its mouth , are running through tall grass .
A boy skateboards up a concrete ramp .
A man does tricks on his skateboard off a ramp .
A skateboarder wearing a red plaid shirt does a trick off of a concrete ramp .
its a distorted lens ( almost fish eye ) of a teenage boy skateboarding on a concrete block .
Skateboard rider balancing on a rock on his skateboard .
A boy sleeps in a hospital bed while wearing a cast on his arm .
A boy wearing an arm cast lying in a hospital bed.
A boy with an injured right arm and wearing blue shorts is lying on a bed with a towel .
A young boy with a broken arm sleeping in a hospital bed .
A young boy with a cast on his arm is lying on a hospital bed .
A child in green shoes is splashing in a puddle .
A child is walking through a puddle wearing green sandals.
a young child wearing green boots playing in a mud puddle.
The child is running through a puddle in a street .
The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street .
A girl is peeking in a window .
A girl peers into a window .
A girl peers into a window .
A little girl is trying to look into a dark window .
A small girl in a pink shirt and blue jeans is peeping through a window into a house .
A group of people gather for a picture while a woman stands on a post and takes the picture .
A group of people having their picture taken .
A group of people outside having their picture taken.
A person standing on a pillar taking a group photo .
A woman stands on a concrete block taking a picture of a group of people on a sidewalk beside the road .
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy .
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy .
a dog chases a toy .
A dog prepares to bite a yellow dog toy .
A tan dog wearing a blue collar is playing with an orange toy .
A child in a bright blue sweatshirt playing in the woods with a red wagon .
A child wearing a blue sweatshirt makes a funny face standing next to a wagon .
A girl in a forest carries a metal bowl towards a red wagon .
A kid playing outside with a wagon .
A young boy is playing in the yard .
A child in an orange shirt holding a baseball bat watches the ball thrown at him .
A little league game in action .
A young boy is getting ready to hit a baseball .
a young man wearing a yellow shirt and baseball helemt swinging a bat.
Boy in yellow shirt getting ready to hit orange ball with baseball bat.
A black and white agility dog weaving between poles .
A black and white dog running between poles .
A black and white dog weaves between metal bars .
A competition dog running between poles.
A dog weaving through an obstacle course .
A crowd of people are socializing .
A crowd of scantily clad people at an outdoor festival.
a large crowd of people .
A large group of people fill the picture , which is taken from above .
Many people standing around listening to music .
A blurry dog inside on a carpet .
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy .
A dog standing up on two legs with something in his mouth .
Dog jumping up with something in its mouth .
The furry brown and white dog is jumping around near a door .
a group of muzzled greyhound dogs jumping over a wall .
Four dogs jumping over a hurdle .
many dogs jump over a fence .
The dogs are racing .
The dogs jump over an obstacle at an event .
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles.
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles .
A white dog moving through red and white checkered poles .
A white dog with a black patch goes through an obstacle .
The white dog is running through white posts on an obstacle course .
A brown dog has his face down in the snow .
A brown dog in a red collar is diving into the snow .
A brown dog wearing a red collar diving into snow .
A dog in the snow .
A yellow dog with a red bandanna fallen through the crust of the snow .
A bunch of people are standing or sitting in a snow valley .
A number of people standing and laying under a mountain covered in snow .
Sledding and skiing enthusiasts gather at a snowy rock formation .
Snow skiers gather at the bottom of a snowy hill .
Some people hanging out in the snow .
A black and white dog is in the grass with a red striped disk .
a black and white dog jumping in the grass after a Frisbee .
A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee .
A dog is on his hind legs and a Frisbee is near the ground .
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in a field .
A little boy is standing alone in the a wooded park .
A young child is standing in front of some trees .
A young child with orange sleeves stands alone in the woods .
Small boy in forest .
The little boy poses in the garden .
A group of girls sit back to back .
a group of girls sitting in a circle.
Little girl in bare feet sitting in a circle .
Little girls sitting in a circle on wooden floor surrounded by observer area .
The young girls sat in a circle on the wood floor .
A man in a checked shirt is sitting at a table looking back at a group of people behind him .
A man sits at a table outdoors and watches people .
A man sits at a table outside and looks toward the horizon .
A man sits at a wooden table and looks away to a crowd of people .
A man sitting at a picnic table with a tray and partially consumed beer in front of him .
A man holding girl at top of a slide.
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses .
a man in sunglasses is holding a child at the top of a slide.
A man with sunglasses is helping a child with sunglasses slide down a slide .
a person helping a small baby down a blue slide.
A bunch of dogs and kids playing in a swimming pool .
Dogs and people play in a pool .
Five dogs are swimming and four people are wading , together inside a dog park pool .
People and several dogs in a swimming pool in a park like setting .
Several people and dogs are in or near a large outdoor swimming pool .
A dog , nose to the ground , walks in a grassy field .
A dog with a red collar is walked on a field .
a grey dog walking on a leash in some grass.
Brown dog on a leash is sniffing the ground in a field of grass .
The large brown dog with the red collar is in the grass .
Two brown dog grapple each other in a sandy area .
Two brown dogs are biting each other .
Two brown dogs are wrestling with each other on some wasteland .
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand .
Two tan colored dogs playing .
a baby is peeking his head over blue playpen .
A baby is peeking over the top of a blue playpen .
A baby looks out over the edge of its playpen .
A baby peeking out from inside her cot.
A small child is standing in his blue and aqua playpen and all you see if from his eyes up .
People in or near water with trees in the background .
people lounge in a man made pool , next to a river.
Seven people are wading in a natural pool .
Some people are sitting in a watery pool beside the river .
There are people in swimming pool next to a river .
A little boy is holding a skinny baseball bat while standing between two rows of blue seats .
A small boy dressed in a black sweatshirt with a logo on it , holds a red bat in front of blue stadium seats .
A young boy in a team sweatshirt is in a sports stadium near blue seats swinging a red bat .
A young boy practices his bat swing while in the stands with blue seats .
The boy wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is holding a red baseball bat .
A woman in jeans rests on a bench in a gallery or shop setting .
A woman wearing a blue shirt sits on a white bench .
The lady in the aqua shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a white bench .
The woman in the blue shirt sits on a bench in a museum as others pass her by .
Woman sitting alone with drink on a bench as people walk by .
Three men standing in the tide at a beach .
Three men stand on the beach , fully clothed .
Three men wade into the ocean shore .
Three people in jackets at a rocky beach .
Three people on a beach .
A group of men wearing similar clothing backpacks through the countryside .
A group of people in matching outfits hiking up a trail with one person lagging behind .
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass .
People walking.
Several hikers walking along a rocky path .
A longhaired man surfing a large wave .
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave .
A man surfing in the ocean .
A surfer showered in the spray of a wave .
Man riding a surfboard on a wave .
A girl flies through the air as a man stands with his arms outstretched .
A man is throwing a girl into the air .
A man throws a child into the air .
A man tosses a child in camouflage into the air .
A man with a close-cropped haircut is waiting to catch a child that he has thrown into the air .
An elderly woman sits on a tree stump with a white dog .
An old woman with a white dog.
A white bulldog sitting on a tree stump gives paw to an older woman wearing a black jacket .
A woman and a dog sit on a tree stump .
There is an older white haired lady and a bulldog sitting on a tree stump .
A brown dog is leaping over a fallen tree in the woods .
A brown dog with tongue sticking out jumping over a log .
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out .
A dog leaps over a log in the woods .
The dog with big ears is leaping over a fallen tree .
A boy plays baseball .
A boy with a plastic bat , looking skyward , about to throw a ball .
A little boy plays baseball with himself .
A small boy playing in the grass with a blue bat and a ball .
A young boy wearing blue is holding a blue baseball bat and holding a white ball in his hand .
Two brown dogs fight over some cloth .
Two dogs are fighting over a plastic bag .
Two dogs fight over a bag on a wooden deck .
two golden dogs are chewing a white cushion on a wooden patio .
Two medium sized light brown dogs are playing tug of war with a dish cloth .
Two dogs are tugging at a piece of white material .
Two dogs fight over a piece of cloth .
Two dogs tug on a towel .
Two dogs with a rag in their mouths.
Two large black dogs with red studded collars pulling on ends of a white rag on porch.
A child with wild hair and sunglasses getting off a blue slide .
A small child at the bottom of a slide has hair sticking up .
a young child in blue jeans sliding down a blue slide.
A young child wearing sunglasses is at the base of a blue slide .
Distorted photograph of a child at the bottom of a slide .
A dark haired bearded man in glasses and a Hawaiian shirt is sitting on the grass .
A man wearing glasses sits in the grass .
A man with a beard and glasses sits in the grass next to a pine tree .
A man with glasses and a beard sitting in the grass .
An unshaven man sits in front of an evergreen tree .
Three woman walk down a city street and one has a pink purse .
Three women , two with tattoos , walking down the street.
Women are walking through the street drinking iced coffee .
Women walk down a buzy sidewalk .
Women walking down the street .
A black and tan dog is running along a series of stone walkways spaced between grass .
A dog running .
A dog running in a park .
Dog running down paved walkway near a Japanese maple tree .
The dog runs in the park .
A group of baseball players wearing blue uniforms walk across the grass .
A men 's baseball team leaving the field.
A team of baseball players in blue uniforms , walking together on field .
Group of people on a ball team wearing blue and white uniforms some of gloves on their hands one is wearing red shoes , tall trees are in the background .
Twelve members of a baseball team walk across the diamond .
A girl swings on a nice day .
Child in a striped shirt is swinging from a rope swing .
Girl swinging on a swing outside in a wooded area .
The blonde girl with the blue stripe shirt is swinging .
The young girl is on a swing outdoors .
A man in a wheelchair riding to the park .
A person in a wheelchair is on a sidewalk .
a person wearing a knit cap riding in a wheelchair along a seidwalk outside of a building .
A person with a brown hat and black jacket is in a wheelchair crossing in front of a sign that says " park " .
The handicapped man wheels past the parking lot .
A child slides down a slide and into the water .
A girl sliding into a pool.
A little girl in a white shirt sliding down a green slide splashing into a blue baby pool .
A little girl splashes in a pool of water .
Little girl slides down in the pool .
A black and white dog catches flying discs thrown by a man .
a black a white dog catching Frisbees thrown by a man in a white shirt.
A dog jumps for a Frisbee at the Purina Incredible Dog Challenge .
A man is throwing freesbies into the air and the border collie is catching them in the air .
Man in white shirt tossing Frisbee for black and white dog who has a white Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog with a Frisbee jumps over a man.
A large crowd of people are sitting watching a dog jump high up to catch a Frisbee with a man standing under the dog looking up at it .
A man ducks down as a dog flies over his head to fetch a Frisbee .
A white dog in a blue leaps over a man in a blue outfit with yellow stars in order to catch a Frisbee whilst people stand by and watch .
Man and jumping dog perform Frisbee act for crowd at outdoor event .
Dogs run at a dog racetrack .
Dogs with muzzles are racing around a sandy track .
Four dogs in blue , green , red and black jerseys are racing .
Four dogs race around a turn .
Greyhounds racing chasing a mechanical rabbit around the track .
A man holds his brown dog back from jumping in the water .
A man in a white shirt is leaning over a brown dog in an orange collar .
A man is crouching down holding on to his large brown dog .
a man standing behind a black dog with a red collar.
The man wearing a tan hat and white shirt holds his brown dog which is wearing an orange collar .
a boy with his leg wrapped in blue tape.
A little boy with his leg covered in painters tape , his brother wearing a superman cape .
Boy with blue cast sits with a boy in an orange cape .
One boy has his leg wrapped in blue material and the other boy is wearing a red cape .
two kids playing super heroes.
A dog jumps off a wooden porch .
A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch .
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch.
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch .
Brown dog jumping off of a deck .
An equestrian and horse make a jump on a course .
A rider on a white horse is in the middle of a jump over a hurdle .
A show jumper wearing a blue helmet rides a white horse over wooden fence that is decorated with red and yellow flowers .
The rider is practicing jumps on a beautiful white horse .
White horse with jockey jumps a barrier.
A black animal and a white animal in motion in close quarters .
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street .
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together .
A black , shaggy haired dog is playing with a brown and white , fluffy dog on the gravel .
Two dogs are playing together on the pavement .
A beautiful waterfall with two people walking on the road beside it .
A beautiful waterfall flows down the side of a mossy rock wall .
A waterfall cascades into a shallow pool .
A waterfall splashes into a pool at the bottom of a steep grassy hill .
Two people travel down a path going though a woods with a giant waterfall .
A brown and black dog is jumping through a ring of fire .
a brown and black dog jumping through a hoop of fire.
A dog jumping through a ring of fire .
A German shepherd is jumping through a ring on fire .
A tan and black dog leaps through a burning hoop on a field .
A white dog chasing a black dog across the grass .
A white dog is following a black dog through the grassy area .
There are two dogs , black and white , and the black one is jumping .
Two dogs running in a grassy , fenced in area surrounded by trees .
Two dogs running through a yard with a forest in the distance .
Two girls running through pool while water sprays over them.
Two girls run through a sprinkler in a pool .
Two smiling little girls playing in a fountain with other people .
Two young girls are running through shallow water at a pool .
Two young girls run through a pool while water sprays them .
A girl in red jumps across a path .
A girls in a red sweatsuit leaps through the air .
A young girl dressed in a red hoodie , red pants and red sneakers in a midair front split pose .
Girl in red jumping up.
The girl in the bright red outfit is skipping across the path .
A girl in black tank top catches a fish .
A woman holds a fish up that is connected to her fishing pole .
A woman in a black bathing suit holds up a fish .
A young woman holds up a fish she caught .
The woman is holding up the line with the fish that she caught in the lake with her bamboo fishing pole .
A boy throws a soccer ball from the sidelines in a soccer game .
A child holding a soccer ball over his head .
A child holds a soccer ball above their head while a group of seated people watch .
A child holds a soccer ball while people watch .
A girl in a sports outfit balances a soccer ball on her head .
A delivery man is passing by two people at an art gallery .
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall .
A man with a basket is walking through an are gallery .
People admiring paintings on the street .
Some people are looking at pictures at an art gallery .
A little girl with a blue bow holding a plushie while picking her nose .
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose .
An asian girl with a finger up her nose .
A young girl picks her nose .
Young asian girl with blue hair ribbon picking nose .
A black dog carries a bird in its mouth as it jumps over a fence .
a black dog jumping a wire fence with a dead bird in his mouth .
A dog , holding a bird in its mouth , jumping a fence .
A dog trying to jump a wire fence with something in his mouth .
The black dog is jumping over a fence with a bird in its mouth .
A man is docking a boat.
A man is using a long pole to push two boats apart .
A man on a boat is using a large stick to push another boat away .
A man on a fishing boat pushing a wooden pole into the water .
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick .
A boy with a red shirt climbs a large rock while a man with a red shirt helps him .
A man climbing the face of a rock .
a man stands at the bottom of a rock face whist another man climbs up it .
a person climbing a large rock with another person on the ground helping.
Man helps another person reach the top of a rock they are climbing .
A black and brown dog is wearing a blue color and is standing over water .
A black and brown dog standing on a beam above water .
A black dog is standing on an iron girder that bridges the river .
A dog is standing on a metal beam alertly looking at something .
A dog on a girder with a river bank in the background .
A man in a hat standing in front of a tire shop .
A man standing in front of a garage .
A man with a beard stands in front of a used tires business .
The man at the used tire shop has a white beard .
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop .
a blonde boy in a white and orange t-shirt is playing on a swing .
A boy in a surfing shirt is swinging on a swing .
A child is smiling while being on a swing .
A little boy swings at the playground .
Young child swinging on a swing .
a african american stands by his car .
A man stands at the wheel of a classic american car , door and trunk open .
A man stands next to a car .
Man in blue shirt stands outside the car .
The man in the blue is posing for a picture next to his car .
A man is fly fishing Alon in a stream .
A man is wading in a river .
Man fly fishing in a small river with steam in the background .
Person fishing in river .
The man is standing in the river next to smoking grass .
A boy standing on a football field with a colored ball .
A little boy in orange kicking a soccer ball .
A little boy stands at a football field and prepares to kick a child 's play ball .
An orange shirted boy looks to the side , as he faces the rainbow colored soccer ball on the chalk striped field .
A young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball .
A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass .
A dog is running through a field .
A large white and black dog is running very fast through the grass .
The black and white spotted dog is running outside .
The dog is running while looking up.
A brown dog races through a field .
a brown dog running through the tall grass .
A dog running in long grass , a housing development behind it .
A tan dog is bounding through grass .
Two dogs running through tall grass .
A girl with blonde hair and a black shirt .
A woman sits at an outdoor cafe table with really big blond hair .
A woman who is wearing red lipstick and has curly hair sits at a table .
A woman with bright red lipstick and big blonde hair sitting at an outside cafe.
A woman with thick curly blond hair sits outdoors at a table .
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline .
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline .
A man and two small boys jump on a trampoline .
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline .
Three males are jumping on a trampoline outside .
A blond dog runs down a flight of stairs to the backyard .
A dog jumps off the stairs .
A tan dog runs down a wooden staircase to the green grass .
A yellow dog is jumping across a grassy yard in front of a wooden deck .
A yellow dog jumping off of a porch .
A group of 6 boys are wearing yellow life vests and are on a make-shift raft .
A group of people on a boat .
Boys in life jackets on a watercraft .
Several young people in life jackets are sitting on something floating in water .
The boys in life jackets smile and laugh while riding in a boat .
asian boys play on a raft in a lake.
The three boys who are wearing life jackets are looking into the water .
Three boys in life jackets float on a raft .
Three boys wearing life jackets are on top of innertube in the water .
Three boys wearing yellow lifevests on a raft on the water .
A boy baseball player in a green and yellow jersey leaps for the ball .
A boy chasing a baseball .
A little boy playing baseball goes for the ball on the ground .
A young boy dives to catch the ball during a baseball game .
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball .
A child throws something for a white dog to catch .
A girl trains her white dog with treats .
A little girl plays fetch with a white dog .
Girl gives treat to jumping dog .
Little girl throwing food in the air for her white dog to catch .
A person and a black dog are walking through the snow .
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows .
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows .
A person hiking up a hill in the snow with a dog .
The hiker is walking up a snow covered hill with a black dog .
A boy is diving through the air into a swimming pool .
A boy jumps into a pool on a bright sunny day .
a boy jumps into the blue pool water .
A smiling child dives into a pool .
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly .
kids in orange life vests on sitting in a black raft.
Boys in orange life jackets sitting on raft in water.
Five boys are sitting on a grey raft in the lake .
Five boys in life jackets sitting on floating device in a lake.
Young boys in orange life vests sit on a raft .
A man , seen from the back , with his head turned to the side wearing a backpack.
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side .
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left .
The man in the backpack looks to his left .
the man is wearing a backpack and sunglasses while walking through an outdoor market .
A girl in purple pants running with two dogs .
A girl is running through a field with a brown dog and white dog running beside her .
A girl running outside with three dogs.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field .
Girl running through a field with a brown dog and a white dog .
a dog wearing a yellow collar is bearing his teeth at another dog that is sitting by a tree .
A German shepherd is showing its teeth as it growls at another German shepherd .
A German shepherd barking at another German shepherd in a forest .
Two German sheperds snarling at each other .
Two German Sheppard dogs are fighting .
A little boy kneels and prepares to throw a basketball .
A little boy starts to toss a mini basketball .
a little boy throws a basketball .
A small boy lifts a red and blue ball .
toddler dressed in blue and red holding blue and red ball.
A black dog , running on grass .
A dog runs through the grass towards the camera .
A large dog running on grass with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A large gray dog carrying a ball in its mouth runs across the grass towards the camera .
The grey dog is jumping through the grass with water in the background .
A black and brown dog and a grey poodle sticking its butt in the air on the sand .
There are two dogs playing in the dirt .
Two bigs dogs play with each other .
Two dogs are playing in the sand .
Two dogs looks at each other while standing on the dirt .
A group at an outdoor party includes a man wearing camouflage pants with neon orange boots and suspenders .
A group of people are standing together outside .
A man with orange boots stands with a few other people .
The girl min the pink top is looking at the man who is wearing orange boots and patterned pants .
There is a woman in a pink shirt holding a can and three other men .
A man holding a paddle is standing in front of a yellow kayak .
A man is standing in the water with a kayak .
A man stands next to his yellow boat in the water .
A person in red and blue holding a paddle in front of a yellow canoe in the water .
Person standing in the water by a yellow boat with an oar in their hand .
A group of young people stand around waiting for something .
People are standing around inside and one of them is wearing a fedora and a striped zip hoodie.
This is a group of people standing around at some sort of event .
Youngle people standing together .
Young people hang out at a party .
A boy plays with sand near green grass .
A little boy pours sand from a shovel into a pail .
A young boy in a blue shirt pours sand from one container to another .
A young boy shovels sand into a mold .
A young child in a blue shirt is playing with sand.
A black and brown dog swimming in a lake .
A black dog with a brown muzzle swimming in water .
A dog swimming in water towards the camera .
A large black and tan dog is coming out of the water .
Black and tan dog swimming toward shore of pond.
A little boy quickly pushes another child on a riding toy .
Blurry image of one young boy being pushed in a cart by another .
One boy is pushing another boy down a street in a doll carriage .
One boy is running and pushing another little boy on a toy with wheels on it .
Two young kids play and run .
A black and a tan dog .
a black dog chasing after a brown and white dog in the grass.
A dog is running away from another dog .
Two dogs play around in the grass .
Two dogs play in the grass .
A brown and white dog fetching a toy .
A brown dog is carrying a toy in its mouth .
A dog running though a grassy field .
Brown dog with objest in mouth moving toward camera .
The brown dog with the white chest is carrying a ball .
A woman wearing a bathing suit points in a case as another looks on .
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case .
Two girls lean over and look at something in a case .
two woman looking into a glass case .
Two women are looking into a glass case .
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other .
kids running after soccer ball in their game.
Two boys playing soccer go after a ball .
Two soccer ball players are chasing after the ball .
Young boys playing soccer .
A big brown dog runs with a stick in his mouth , and a big black down runs behind him .
A black dog and a brown dog with a stick in his mouth are running in the field .
A brown dog runs with a stick in its mouth and a black dog follows .
A dog running with a stick in its mouth .
Two dogs are running , one of them has a stick in its mouth .
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest .
A group of people are backpacking through the woods and snow .
A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area .
Four hikers hike on trail through snow .
People walking in a line with backpacks are using a trail through the trees .
A dog and a person look under the shelf .
A dog and a woman bending over .
A woman and a dog both kneel with their heads down and butt in the air .
a woman and a dog both with the butts turned towards the camera.
The backs of a woman and a dog .
A boy blowing bubbles .
A boy in a blue shirt blows bubbles .
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles .
A boy is blowing bubbles.
A young boy wearing a blue shirt blows bubbles .
A big brother helps a little sister blow bubbles .
A boy helping a younger girl blow bubbles .
A girl in a black shirt blowing bubbles .
A little girl is blowing bubbles through a yellow hoop .
A little girl with blonde hair and a blue shirt is blowing bubbles outside with someone .
A man in a yellow shirt walks past a tree on the sidewalk .
A man in yellow holding a coffee is walking on the sidewalk .
A man steps onto a sidewalk .
a man wearing a yellow shirt and carrying coffee walking onto the sidewalk.
Man walking fast with coffee in hand down the sidewalk .
A child is leaping into the air from a sand dune near the beach .
A girl jumping high off of the sand .
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean .
A young girl jumping in the sand on the beach.
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her .
A dog races while wearing number 6 .
A greyhound wearing a muzzle and the number six on a yellow jacket is running on a dog track .
a muzzle greyhound dog running on a track.
A tan greyhound wearing a gold shirt with a number on it runs down a track .
muxzzled greyhound leaping in race with yellow jacket .
A lady stands in a field of tulips looking unamused .
A woman is standing in a field of tulips holding onto a coat and cellphone .
A woman stands in a field of flowers .
The woman is standing in a field of colorful tulips .
Woman standing in a field of tulips.
A boy in a black shirt punches a yellow punching bag while a boy in a blue sweatshirt holds the bag .
Many children playing outside in the grass practicing punching .
Some kids play outside on a nice day .
The boy in the black sweatshirt is hitting the yellow object held by the boy in the blue sweatshirt .
Two boys talk on a field near palm trees .
Two boys are standing on a balance beam while playing with a green rope .
Two boys holding a green rope and competing against each other on a balancing rod , while others look on .
two boys on a balance beam holding a rope.
Two kids are balancing on a log and holding a rope .
Two young boys playing a game on a log while other kids look on .
