A bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall .
An bald elderly adult .
An elderly person with a brick wall int he background .
An older person wearing green is holding a burlap sack .
An old , wrinkley person in green in smiling .
A breakdancer is standing on one hand with a look of excitement.
A man doing a handstand outside of a garage .
A person balances on one hand .
The boy in the black hat balanced his body on one hand .
The man is attempting a one-handed handstand in front of a building .
A man is climbing the mountain .
A mountain climber is seen on the side of a tall mountain .
A solitary climber on snowy , high mountains .
Snow covered mountains with a person walking up in the background .
The mountaintop is filled with snow .
A boy and girl in swimwear and arm floaters.
a little boy and a little girl wearing water wings are running on a path beside a black fence ,.
A little boy and girl in their swimsuits wearing arm floats .
The boy and girl are playing with arm floats on .
Young boy and girl running with water wings on.
A jockey on a black horse jumps over a hurdle .
An equestrian and a horse are jumping over an obstacle .
A person wearing a navy jacket and black hat jumping over a small partition on a horse .
A show jumper is making a brown horse jump over a white fence .
A woman on a horse jumps an obstacle .
A man floating in the ocean .
A man has jumped from a surfboard up into the air .
A person above their surfboard on the water .
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets .
The surfer lost his board and is about to fall into the sea .
A female tennis player swings for the ball .
A woman intensely playing tennis in an all-white outfit .
A woman swinging a tennis racket on the court .
The tennis player dressed in white swings the racket .
The woman is dressed in all white swinging a tennis racket .
two black dogs running down either side of a paved pathway.
Two distant black dogs running across grass at camera , alongside a path .
Two dogs bound across the grass next to a road .
Two dogs running in the grass along a pathway that leads to a building .
Two dogs run on either side of a road opposite from one another .
A man in a suit waits for the subway.
A man with grey hair and a suit walks down a dimly lit hallway .
Gray-haired man in suit , with blurry train station in background .
Group of people standing in a subway tunnel .
Man with grey hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel .
A black and tan dog rolls on his back in a field .
A black dog rolling in the green grass .
A dog rolls on his back .
A dog rolls on his back in the grass .
A dog with paws in the air lying on grass.
a black dog with a blue tag running on a beach.
A brown dog runs down the sandy beach .
A brown dog runs in the sand .
Black dog running across sand .
The brown dog is running across the sand .
A huge brown dog is about to attack a medium sized fluffy dog .
A very large brown dog is playing with a smaller curly haired dog .
Dogs playing on the dirt path .
Two dogs chase one another on a gravel road .
Two wet dogs .
A boy is walking on a floor covered in graffiti .
A male walks on the graffiti wall .
A man dances on a colorful wall .
a man in a white t-shirt and cap is skating along a graffiti covered wall .
A man wearing a hat is dancing around an area filled with light and graffiti .
a couple of rugby players jumping in the air to get the ball .
A group of men jumping for a ball .
The rugby players are competing for the ball with onlookers nearby .
Three different men grabbing at one soccer ball during a game .
Three men jump up for the ball in a sporting event as a crowd watches .
A group of men struggle to catch the ball in the air .
Three men react as a football flies overhead .
three men with football in air.
Three men wrestle for a soccer ball .
Three rugby players grab for the ball .
A car with white smoke trailing behind it on a black topped surface .
A silver car being driven in a parking lot , while crowds watch .
A white sports car drives in a paved lot .
This white car is driving on a course with orange cones .
White car driving in an empty parking lot.
A closeup of a girl with curly black hair smiling .
a portrait picture of a girl with brown hair smiling directly at the camera .
A young woman laughing .
A young woman with curly brown hair smiles into the camera .
Brunette woman running tongue over teeth .
A black car on the street behind wire mesh .
A drag racer speeds down a city street in a black race car .
A man wearing a helmet driving a black race car down the street.
A person wearing a white helmet races in a black race car .
Someone drives a fast car past old buildings .
Dogs playing in the yard .
Five dogs play in a large fenced yard bordering a group of autumnal trees .
Four dogs are playing in a circle and one black do is walking away .
Four dogs in a circle on the grass in the distance and a black dog on the grass in forefront .
Several dogs of different breeds play in a backyard .
A bicycle gets airborne .
a bicyclist jumping a trick on a bike.
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air .
This person is doing a stunt on a bicycle , with one wheel on a ledge and one in the air .
Young man performing bicycle trick on loading dock near dumpsters .
a black and a cream dog run through a field in front of a blue house.
A black dog and a white dog run across a field behind a house .
Two dogs running in a field in front of a house .
Two dogs together in a field of grass within sight of a beautiful home .
Two large dogs are running off together through the field .
A boy and woman sitting on a passenger train.
A woman and a boy sitting on a bus .
People sitting on seats by orange pole.
Two people in a subway train separated by a seat.
Two people ride the train .
A girl is riding horseback .
A girl rides on a brown horse down a forest path .
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods .
A view from behind of a girl with a blonde ponytail riding a dark brown horse.
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail .
a man dives headfirst into the water .
A man in a green swimsuit entering the water headfirst after jumping off a rock .
A man jumps off some rocks into the water .
A person falls into the water near some rocks .
A person is diving into blue water on a rocky shore .
The men are playing soccer while people in the stands watch .
Three men , from two teams , are in the air colliding and there is a soccer ball above them .
Three soccer players collide in a rush for the ball .
Two soccer teams compete .
two trams of soccer players playing a game on the field.
A group of hockey players slide along the ice during a game .
A group of men playing hockey .
A hockey game is being played .
A hockey goalie lays on the ice and other players skate past him .
two hockey player teams playing a game on the ice.
A blond woman is throwing a stick for her orange dog , who is leaping to get it .
A dog jumps in the air with a lady standing near .
A woman is holding a stick in the air , while a dog jumps up .
A woman prepares to throw a stick to a leaping dog .
A woman with a stick is playing with a dog in a red collar .
A boy running in a park filled with pigeons , watched by his father in the background .
A child runs among pigeons , while a man carrying bags watches .
A little boy in blue runs through a flock of pigeons standing on the ground .
A man and a boy standing around a bunch of pigeons .
Small child running through a flock of pigeons .
Men on horses in the rodeo try to rope in a bull .
There is a cowboy in a rodeo trying to lasso a calf .
Two cowboys on horses chase a young cow with lassos ' .
Two cowboys riding horses attempt to rope a small cow .
Two men on horses are trying to lasso a bull .
A man in a white shirt and blue shorts and a man in a red shirt and white shorts playing soccer .
Two men fighting for control of a soccer ball as fans watch.
Two players hustle during a soccer game .
Two soccer players fighting for the ball .
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball .
A little girl slides down a green slide with her arms up at a playground .
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground .
A young girl is sliding down a slide at a playground .
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground .
The girl is sliding down a green slide .
A biker jumps an obstacle .
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle .
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle .
Man carries bike over obstacle.
The biker carries his bike over the obstacle .
A tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool .
Two dogs are playing in a pool .
Two dogs are playing outside .
Two dogs wrestle in a kiddie pool .
Two yellow dogs play in a green plastic pool .
A dog runs through a field .
A gray dog is walking through a grassy field .
A grey dog runs in a grassy field .
A greyhound is active in a grassy field .
The skinny dog with the long tail is traveling through the field .
A group of men play croquet .
These people are in uniform at a lacrosse type game .
Three men in white wait to swing at a ball .
Two men dressed in white hit a ball while a third man walks up .
Two men in white are playing a game while a man behind them walks towards them .
A child in a red shirt is sitting against a wall with a map while eating .
A little girl eats an apple and sits in front of a map of the world .
A smiling child sits against a wall on a blanket and eats a snack .
A young child sits on the floor and leans against a map to eat .
little girl sitting down eating ice cream.
a man inside of a white subway train.
A man sits by a window on a train .
A man sits by the window in a train .
A man sits in the window of a train .
The side of a subway cart , with one man in the window .
A dog playing in the ocean on the beach .
A dog walking through the water at the ocean .
A dog walks along a beach with breaking waves .
A dog walks on the shore of a clear blue ocean .
The white dog is walking through the water of the incoming tide at the beach .
A boy in a white t-shirt does skateboard tricks .
A boy in t-shirt , jeans and knit cap jumps up with his skating board , arms flung out .
A man performs a skateboarding trick on a cement monument in a city park .
A skateboarder is airborne in a city green space .
Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park .
A brown number six race dog is slightly behind a black race dog on a track .
two dogs race across the track .
Two greyhounds race .
two muzzled greyhound dogs running around a track.
Two muzzled racing dogs running along track .
A biker patiently waits as his friend bikes ahead of him .
A man in a leather outfit prepares to ride a motorcycle .
One motorcyclist speeds away from a parked motorcyclist along a drag strip .
Two men on motorcycles are driving down an empty street .
Two people in black leather ride motorcycles .
A kid skateboards down railings of a large set of stairs .
An inline skater is grinding down a long rail .
A skateboarder in midair above a large staircase and handrail .
A teenage boy does tricks jumping across a railing .
Skater rides skateboard down a long stair railing.
A dog carries a stick in its mouth .
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth .
A golden dog has a long stick in its mouth .
A golden retriever is biting a branch in a yard .
A yellow dog plays with a large stick in the grass .
A man controlling a dog sled approaches another dog sled team in a narrow , snowy passageway between two sets of trees .
Dogs performing a sled race.
Sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose .
Two groups of huskies are running in the snow , each group pulling a man .
Two packs of sled dogs meet .
A few men sprint across the grass in competition with one another .
A man in a grey shirt is winning a race in the grass .
A man leads the way in a race .
People running a race and the guy in grey is in the lead .
Two men running outside in a competition .
A person on a bike jumping over a bench in the park .
A person on a bmx bike , leaping onto a bench .
A person performing tricks on a bicycle in a skate park .
A person riding a bicycle going over a raised platform .
Jumping a bicycle onto a park bench .
A man and a boy watch a dog leap to catch a ball .
A man and a child are standing near a dog who is jumping .
A man and a small boy watch their small , white dog catch a toy in the air .
A small black brown and white dog catches a football in midair as a man and child look on .
Small white dog with spot on back leaping in air with football in mouth with small boy and man watching .
A girl riding a scooter near the beach .
a young child in a t-shirt on a bike stands in on a road in front of a beach , while others are on the sand near the water in the background .
The child is riding a vehicle along a gated path next to a beach area .
The girl rides at the ocean .
The little child is holding the handles of something .
A boy in football gear running with the football.
A child runs with a football .
Child in football uniform running on grass .
The boy in the red jersey runs with the football .
The boy is clutching the football and making a run for a touchdown while looking behind him .
A human figure runs past a flower stand .
A person is running past a large display of plants and flowers .
A person runs by a flower and plant shop .
A runner in black is passing an outdoor florist shop .
A runner is running past an outdoor flower stall .
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow .
A snowboarder is in midair doing a trick .
somebody in the air on a board.
Someone on a rooftop jumping on some sort of a board caught in midair .
There is a person on a snowboard up high in the air .
A crowd of people in colorful dresses .
A crowd of women wearing multiple different colors is entering a stone structure .
Many ethnic people in multi-colored robes gather for an event.
Many women have gathered and are listening to speakers .
Many women in colorful saris are entering a stone building .
a brown dog is in a grassy field twisting itself around to see underneath itself .
Two big brow dogs who look alike wrestle .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field .
Two dogs play with each other in the grass .
Two grey dogs fight .
Kids playing on the rocks with a steamboat in the background .
Kids play on rocks lining the coastline of a location with a nearby ferry .
Three children are playing on the shoreline with a ferry docked in the background .
Three children exploring the rocky shoreline near a riverboat .
Three children playing on rocks near a lake.
A child playing in some leaves .
A laughing little girl sits in a pile of leaves and tosses the leaves in the air .
A little girl playing in a pile of leaves outside .
a young child jumping in a pile of leaves.
The small child is playing outside in the fallen leaves .
The boys draw in the sand with sticks .
The children are playing in the sand at a rocky beach .
Two men draw in the wet sand of a beach .
Two men in black shorts are in the sand on the shoreline .
Two men writing in the sand on a rocky beach .
A large wild cat is pursuing a horse across a meadow .
A lioness chases a black animal with horns .
A lioness closes in on its prey .
a lioness is chasing a black bison across a grassy plain .
The lioness attacks a wildebeest on a plain .
A football player in a gold helmet is running with a football .
A football player in a purple jersey is running the ball in for a touchdown .
A football player runs across the field as the referee blows his whistle .
A football player runs past an official carrying a football .
The football player runs the ball past the referee .
A boy does a skateboard trick .
A man jumps in the air on his skateboard .
A skateboarder doing a maneuver in the air .
the skateboarder jumps into the air .
The young man catches some air while skateboarding .
A boy does a skateboard jump at a skateboard park .
A kid doing a trick on his skateboard .
A young boy is performing tricks with a skateboard at a skate park .
A young man rides a yellow and black skateboard at the top of a ramp .
Kid doing skateboard trick with his legs split and board between them .
A group of guys play instruments outside .
A group of men playing brass instruments .
A jazz band plays outside .
Group of men play musical instruments outdoors .
men play saxaphones outside a building .
A brown dog is licking its nose .
A brown dog is on the green grass .
a brown dog licking his nose in the middle of some grass.
A brown dog licks his nose while standing in green grass by the woods .
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera .
young , boys one boy is hitting another boy while the third boy smiles in the background.
Two boys fighting in a dirt paved parking lot with another boy watching .
Two boys in blue shirts are in front of a grey car .
Two boys in blue shirts fighting behind a grey car and two other children .
two boys in blue shirts fighting in a parking lot.
A man is performing a jump on his snowboard .
A snowboarder glides through the air .
a snowboarder jumps into the air .
A snowboarder launches into the air over white snow.
A snowboarder suspended in the air.
A soccer player in red runs in front of one in blue .
Men play in a soccer game .
One man in a red shirt is falling , while another man in a blue shirt watches during a soccer game .
Two men are playing soccer on a grassy field .
Two men playing a game , running on a field .
A man dressed as Batman running in a race .
A man in a batman costume and a number on his chest is running with others down a street .
A man in a batman costume is running a race .
A man in a batman suit running .
The runner dons a batman uniform for the race.
A female kicking a soccer ball while in front of a soccer goal .
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal .
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball .
A young woman wearing a red shirt stands in a soccer goal and kicks a ball .
The young ladie takes a goalie kick during a soccer match .
A bicycler jumping over a barrier with his bike .
A cyclist carries his bicycle while jumping over a hurdle .
A man doing tricks with his bicycle .
a man jumps across an obstacle carrying his bike.
The man is jumping through the air , while holding a bicycle .
A hockey player in red untangles from a player in white as he goes for the puck .
Two hockey players almost fall on the ice during a scuffle .
Two hockey players compete on the ice .
Two hockey players fighting on the ice .
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice .
A boy turning a somersault in his yard .
A child does cartwheels in the yard .
A child performing a cartwheel in a yard .
A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown .
A little boy is attempting to do a cartwheel .
A group of people surf on a very large wave .
a group of surfers catching a wave.
People surfing and attempting to surf in the ocean on a big wave .
Several people are surfing on a wave in the sea .
Surfers on a huge ocean wave at sunset .
A brown dog standing on a beach next to a blue Frisbee .
A dog shaking itself dry next to a blue Frisbee near to a body of water .
A dog shaking off water after playing in the water with a Frisbee .
The brown dog is shaking itself off .
Wet dog shaking off water on beach.
A little girl swings , a woman stands behind her .
a mom pushes her little girl on the swing .
A small child shows excitement on a swing set at the park.
The girl is being pushed on the swing by the woman .
Woman stands behind young girl on swing set.
A blonde girl in a black cape stands with other children in costumes .
A girl in a black cape with a group of other children.
A girl in a cape along with other costumed children.
A group of children dressed for halloween stand in line with the exception of one girl .
Children in costumes standing in line .
Muzzled white dogs running .
Two small white dogs wearing muzzles jumping over a small item .
Two white dogs wearing muzzles jump over a white board .
Two white dogs wearing muzzles play in the grass .
Two white dogs with muzzles are jumping over a small barrier in a race.
A man playing guitar sings into a microphone .
A man plays guitar and sings into a microphone .
An older man is playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
Hawaiian man singing into a red microphone .
The Hawaiian singer belts out a tune .
a few different small cars racing around a track in the rain.
A white car with headlights on .
Race cars at night in the rain .
Race cars driving through rain on a racetrack at night .
The cars are on a track , in the rain , at night .
a boy wearing orange jumps from haystacks .
A child in an orange shirt jumps off bales of hay while other children watch .
A kid jumps off a haystack while other kids watch .
The boy in the orange t-shirt is leaping of a pile of hay bales as other children stand and watch .
The boy wearing a red sweatshirt is jumping off a pile of hay .
A man in a blue bodysuit surfing .
A man in a blue wetsuit rides a wave on a white surfboard .
A man in blue surfs in the ocean .
A surfer tries to stay moving on his white surfboard .
A surfer in a blue swimsuit is riding the waves .
a boy jumps on another boy .
A boy makes a jumping dive toward another boy with a soccer ball near .
A little boy in the air above another boy on the ground where a soccer ball lies at his feet with the soccer net behind them .
The boy jumps onto his soccer player brother .
Two children are playing , one is jumping in the air .
A man surfing a wave .
A man surfs , the foam right behind him .
A person in a wetsuit surfs a big wave .
A surfer rides a large wave on a blue board .
The surfer rides a blue board on a bright blue wave .
A girl in a bathing suit rides a swing .
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing.
A young girl with brown hair is swinging on a swing in a swimming suit .
child on a swing in motion.
The little girl wearing a black swimsuit is playing on a swing .
A boy makes a jump with a dirt bike with the sun setting behind him .
A boy on his bike leaping over a hill with trees in the background .
A kid is doing a jump on his bike .
a lone bicyclist jumping over a hill .
A person in the air on a bike .
A climber scales a rock wall .
a lone rock climber climbing a rock wall.
A rock climber climbs .
Man climbing up a barren rock face .
Man climbs crack in rock face at top left of frame , tree at lower right .
A dog jumps through a hoop .
A dog jumps through a hoop while the crowd watches .
A German shepherd breed dog is jumping through a hoop with onlookers .
A German Shepherd jumping through a black hoop in front of spectators.
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch.
A dog rolls on his back in the grass as two other dogs look on .
One pale dog is rolling on his back while two others stand nearby .
Three dogs are playing .
Three dogs play in the grass near the playground equipment .
Three white and brown dogs are playing outside in a grassy area with a play set in the background .
A crowd waits outside a subway train , ready to board .
People standing in front of a subway train .
People trackside at a subway station by a train .
People wait as the subway pulls into a subway station.
several people waiting to get on a train.
A man is doing a jump on bicycle in an indoor skate and bike center .
A man is doing a trick on a bike in the air over a ramp .
A person doing a bicycle trick over a wooden ramp .
A person jumping with a bicycle over a ramp.
a skateboarding ramp located in a room with multicolored graffti painted on the wall .
a dog runs across the grass .
A golden dog is running on the grass .
A tan dog leaping in a grassy field .
Brown dog leaps through field .
The dog is running quickly through the meadow .
A football player folding a football during a game in the mud.
American footballers in yellow outfits are playing in a very muddy field .
A young football player in a muddy , yellow and blue uniform carrying a football with other muddy players run behind him .
Football players playing in mud .
Football players playing in the mud .
A surfer on a blue surfboard is falling off of it as he hits a wave .
a surfer rides up the wave .
Man falling off a blue surfboard in the ocean .
The surfer is in the wave .
The surfer rides a wave on a blue surfboard .
A middle aged woman in stylish clothes , holding a camera .
A smartly dressed woman wearing a white jacket is holding a camera .
A woman dressed nicely stands happily with her camera .
a woman holds a camera .
A woman in a white jacket is smiling and holding a digital camera .
A man doing a back flip off a box.
A man jumps over another man doing a back flip .
Boys do skateboarding maneuvers with an American flag in the background .
One stuntman jumps over another stuntman who is doing a back flip from a wall.
Two men doing some jumps outside .
A bearded man on a train.
A man is sitting on a train resting his hand against his face .
A man sitting on a subway .
A man sitting on a subway looking at the camera .
A man sitting on public transportation .
A boy and a dog running on grass.
A boy dressed in green running with a brown and white dog in a green field .
A child and small dog running .
A white dog and green shirted child running in the grass .
Boy and white dog running in grassy field.
Two dirt bike riders in midair .
Two motocross riders race on a dirt track .
Two motorcycles jump over a dirt hill.
Two off-road bikers compete on a dirt course on a sunny day .
two riders jumping on dirt bikes.
A group of bicyclists racing .
A group of bikers pedal along .
Men in a cluster during a bike race.
Several bicyclists are riding in a race .
Several cyclists wearing different colors riding bikes on pavement .
A brown dog is carrying a stick too big for him over grass .
A dog carries a large stick in its mouth over the grass .
A dog holds a large stick in its mouth .
a large dog carrying a large stick in its mouth .
The brown German shepherd dog is playing with a stick .
A woman holding a purse stands at the edge of a rocky ledge and looks out at the trees .
A woman in a pink shirt and khaki shorts looks over a crumbling rock face overlooking a large forested area .
A woman in a red shirt stands on a monument above a forest .
A woman stands at the edge of a cliff overlooking the mountains .
A woman stands next to a big , green hill .
A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player in a black and yellow uniform while the ball floats in midair .
Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field .
Two soccer players are going after the ball .
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match .
Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field .
A baseball player argues with the catcher .
A pitcher and catcher celebrate striking another baseball player out in a pro game .
A pitcher and catcher get ready to hug after striking out a ball player .
The baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away .
Two professional baseball players during a game , one more in the background .
A boy in a creek throwing a rock .
A boy skips a rock in a creek .
A boy skips a rock in a stream .
A boy tosses a rock across a river .
A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .
A group of people are walking in single file at an exhibit .
several people walking next to a concrete building with many archways.
Students are going to class at a university.
The five people are standing under three tan arches .
These six people are walking outside a building with columns .
A clown with a big hat riding a bicycle .
A man dressed as a clown riding a bicycle in a race .
A man dressed in a white suit with a red cowboy hat riding a bike .
A person in face paint and an orange oversized cowboy hat rides his bike on a trail .
The man in the clown costume and hat is riding a bike.
A child sliding down a orange slide.
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide .
A toddler boy in overalls sliding down an orange slide.
A young child slides down an orange slide .
The child enjoys going down the slide .
A man in a red soccer uniform getting ready to kick the ball .
A man in a red uniform plays in a soccer game .
A man in a red uniform runs towards a soccer ball on a field .
A player in a red uniform gets ready to kick the ball during a soccer match , as the crowd watches .
A soccer player in red uniform runs after a soccer ball .
A black dog and a goose swim in the water .
a dog and a redheaded bird are swimming in the water.
The black dog is swimming in a lake with a white duck .
The white duck is swimming with a black dog.
White duck with red face swimming.
A boy jumps through the air onto something red .
A child holds its arm up and laughs .
A shirtless boy jumps through a curtain onto a red cushion .
A young boy wearing white pants is jumping off the couch .
The little boy jumps through the beaded curtain and onto the bed .
A dirt bike rider catches some air going off a large hill.
A dirt biker on a sand dune .
A man is jumping a rock on an orange dirt bike .
A man on a motorbike riding down a steep rock face.
A motocross bike rider is riding his bike through a quarry .
A boy is doing a stunt with his skateboard .
A boy jumping a rail on his skateboard .
A boy skateboarding .
A young boy wearing a black shirt and brown pants practices jumping over a low bar on a skateboard .
boy doing tricks on a skateboard.
A child dressed in purple and an adult dressed in black .
a girl looks at a woman 's face .
A little girl touches the face of an adult woman .
A young girl approaches an adult on a brick walkway .
A young girl with a worried look on her face touching a woman 's face who 's keeling down .
A girl doing a kick near a woman .
A girl in black high kicks over a jack-o-lantern .
A girl in jeans tries to show an adult how high she can kick .
A girl kicking her leg up to the shoulder of a woman standing next to her .
A woman kicks at a man .
A man with a skateboard performs a trick .
A snowboarder does a trick on a railing .
A snowboarder grinding down a side rail .
A snowboarder is beginning his run .
a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing .
A boy in blue in trees .
A child in a jean jacket smiles while playing in a tree .
A young boy with blonde hair smiling while posing on a tree branch .
Blond , smiling boy in a denim coat , sitting in a tree .
Little boy climbing tree and smiling .
A girl in a pink shirt tries to dump a bucket of water on another girl .
A girl is preparing to pour a bucket of water on man wearing a white shirt .
A girl is throwing a bucket of water on an older boy .
The little girl poured water from a bucket onto the person in the white shirt .
Two people are on a treated lawn playing with water .
A group of people dressed as zombies .
A large group of people with facepaint on gather outside .
Everybody is dressed as a zombie at this party .
Many people have painted faces at night .
people dressed up in zombie costumes are standing around .
A girl dressed in a red dress and another girl dressed as a pirate are playing around .
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose .
two girls dress up for halloween .
Two girls in red costumes play together .
Two little girls in red and black costumes are posing for a picture .
A man in a uniform costume stands next to a man in a horro costume .
Man in a police costume next to a man in a zombie costume .
people are at a costume party .
People at a costume party .
The bloodied man is a hit at the haloween party .
A bicyclist is jumping a horizontal wooden structure with countryside in front of him .
A dirt bike in midair.
A man on a motorbike in midair.
A person is in the air on a contraption that resembles a bicycle .
Someone on a dirt bike , high in the air , near a building .
A guy in green is rollerskating on a narrow strip .
A man in a green shirt is skating on a railing .
A man in a white helmet and green shirt grinds on his rollerblades .
A man rollerblading on a metal bar .
Rollerblades sliding on a railing .
Two boys fight for the ball .
two field hockey players fight for the ball .
Two hockey players are trying to shoot the puck on the grass .
Two opposing male players are chasing the ball in field hockey .
Two teenagers participate in a game of field hockey .
a boy visits a Amish community .
A group of Amish people are standing outside of a church .
A group of people waiting to go into a white building .
Amish looking people are outside a building , standing near a tree .
A religious sect gathered together .
A man is wearing a black mask and black clothing in a social setting .
A person wearing a mask .
a single man wear a black mask with several people in the background.
Man dressed in black wearing elaborate black mask.
Man with mask on raises hand .
A Miami basketball player .
An orange-clad Miami basketball player dribbles the ball while another man blocks.
A tall black man playing basketball .
The basketball player is wearing an orange uniform and holding a basketball .
Two men play basketball ,.
A basketball player looks for someone to pass the ball to .
A man on the Miami basketball team holds the ball getting ready to make a move while being blocked .
Basketball player holding the ball .
The basketball player holds the ball and looks across the court .
The man is wearing an orange uniform and holding a basketball .
A basketball player in orange has the ball while another in blue tries to block him .
A basketball player in orange is keeping the ball from a player in blue .
The basketball player in blue is challenging the player in orange for the ball .
The basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform , who has the ball .
Two teams compete in a basketball game .
A white ad brown dog is running on grass.
A white dog wearing a red collar is jumping up from the grass .
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass .
The small white dog jumps in the grass .
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass .
A basketball player wearing an orange uniform looks backwards .
The basketball player in the orange jersey is being guarded by the player in the blue jersey .
The basketball player looks around the court as another player tries to block him .
Two men from opposite teams playing basketball .
two men play basketball .
A man in a Miami basketball uniform looking to the right.
a man wears a orange jersey .
A Miami basketball player looks off in the distance .
The mans shirt is orange and has a United States flag patch on the shoulder .
The Miami basketball player is looking .
A man asleep on the ground at a subway station , holding a camera tripod .
A man holding a telescope and lying down on a train platform .
A man lays against a wall near train tracks .
A man rests against a cement pillar with his hands on metal equipment .
A man sleeping on the ground in a subway .
A dog can be seen from the inside of a car as it crosses the road .
A dog runs across the street in front of the car.
An animal runs in the middle of a road .
Looking through a vehicle 's windshield at a dog crossing the road .
There is an animal crossing the road in front of a car .
A closeup of a man that is rock climbing .
A man cuts down a tree with an ax .
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree .
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe .
A man is scratching a rock with a red hammer .
A baseball player swinging a bat.
A cricketer wielding a wears a white suit and black helmet with a face guard .
A man is wearing white and playing cricket .
Cricket player on field , swinging bat .
The person in the white uniform and kneepads is playing a game with a wooden racquet .
A group of young men sit on rock and look in the distance .
Three guys sitting on rocks looking at the scenery .
Three men sit on rocks in the sand while the man in the red hat and shirt looks out .
Three young men sit on rocks at the top of a mountian .
Two guys sit on rocks while another stands looking in the distance .
A redheaded woman looks behind her in a European courtyard .
a woman stamds in the middle of a brick road .
A woman with orange shoes stops in a square .
Lady in dark top , pring skirt , red socks and shoes walking .
Woman in long skirt in a town square .
A man in an orange shirt and blue helmet races his bike .
A man wearing an orange suit riding a bicycle in a race .
A speed biker makes a sharp turn on his bicycle .
The biker is wearing a helmet .
The cyclist in the orange jersey turned a corner .
Men on horses displaying their flags at a joust .
Men ride on horses while carrying flags .
Men riding horses carrying flags in a jousting tournament .
Parade of men on horses with brightly colored flags .
Several horsemen are riding past each other carrying flags .
A man in a yellow slicker holds a sign saying " down and out " .
An elderly lady in a yellow raincoat is sitting by a white building , holding up a cardboard sign to a car driving by .
Elderly woman in yellow parka pan handling.
Man with a yellow coat and a cardboard sign .
Older woman in yellow jacket , holds sign saying " DOWN AND OUT " in urban area .
A man in a blue coat walks a small white animal as a buss passes in the background .
A man in a blue jacket holding a small white animal on a leash.
A man in a blue jacket walks a small , white animal while a London Sightseeing bus drives behind him .
A man is on a sidewalk with a small animal on a leash .
An old man walking a ferrett through the street on a leash .
A group of army members aim their guns .
military personnel dressed in fatigues and ear protection laying on their stomachs shooting guns .
Military personnel learning how to shoot their rifles .
Military personnel shoot rifles .
People dressed in camo are bent down getting ready to fire their guns .
A group of cyclists race uphill on foot with their bikes on their shoulders .
Bicyclists are carrying their bicycles up a hill .
Cyclists are carrying their bicycles up a steep grassy hill .
people carry their bikes up the hill .
Several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill .
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles .
A girl in orange lights a candle .
A girl wearing orange is lighting a candle .
A young girl lighting candles among the flowers at a cemetery .
Girl in orange shirt lighting white candles .
A brown dog is laying in the snow .
A brown dog is laying on snow .
A brown dog lays in the snow while posing for a picture .
A brown dog playing in the snow .
a tan dog is sitting in some snow.
Two dogs jumping on one another on a grassy area covered in leaves .
Two dogs play with each other in the leaves .
Two puppies are playing in the leaves .
two puppies playing with each other surrounded by a bunch of leaves.
Two small dogs , light and dark colored , fighting on leaves .
A band member jumps in the air .
A group of people jump in the air while playing music in the street .
A man in blue pants is jumping while band plays music .
People talk near stereo equipment outdoors .
Several people in a band jumping up and down to the music .
A boy in a blue wetsuit is riding a surfboard.
A boy rides a surfboard over a small wave in bright blue water .
A boy wearing a blue wetsuit rides on a blue surfboard .
The boy is riding a blue board in the water .
Two kids in blue wetsuits surf .
A black and white dog carries a ball toy .
A black and white dog carries a red toy through the green grass .
A black and white dog holds the handle of a large red round toy in a field.
Black and white dog carrying a red ball .
The proud dog returns with the toy it fetched .
A man in a white shirt and jeans playing an accordion .
A man in white is playing a black accordion .
A man plays an accordion on a park bench .
A man plays an accordion .
A seated boy plays the accordion .
A man and dog walk down cement steps while a woman in a headscarf looks on from a seated position on the bottom step .
A man walks his black dog down the cement steps where a woman dressed in black sits .
A woman with a dog descends an outdoor staircase , a bus behind her .
A young man walks his dog down some steps where a black-clad woman is sitting.
One woman is sitting on steps another woman is coming down them .
A man plays a song on the guitar for his cat .
A man plays a yellow guitar while a cat watches him .
A man plays his yellow guitar while staring at his cat .
A man , sitting by his computer , playing guitar to his cat .
The man is playing guitar and sitting with a cat .
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts .
A group of women with black shirts .
Four women in front of Odeon wear similar black , pink and white superman type shirts and jean skirts .
Girls in matching outfits , one holding inflatable toy , outside of ODEON building .
Girls walking in the street on a sunny day .
A brown and white dog licking its chops while sitting in a green room with a tile floor .
a brown dog is licking its lips whilst standing next to two empty feeding bowls .
A brown pitbull licks its chops as it waits for the empty food bowl to be filled .
A dog is licking its lips while sitting beside two feeding tray .
A dog licking his lips in a room with no food in its dish .
A boy and a girl dancing .
A boy and girl are dancing .
a boy in brown shorts is dancing with a girl wearing a green hood in a wooden floored room whilst other children look on .
A little girl and a little boy are facing each other .
Two children facing each other are doing a dance .
A group of children are sitting on a raft wearing blue helmets and carrying paddles .
A group of kids paddle a raft made of sticks and rope .
Children paddle on a craft .
Children wearing life preserves and helmets , and holding an oar , sit on a raft in water .
several young boys wearing blue helmets and blue and red life jackets on a raft.
A man gets lots of air time as he wakeboards .
A man is waterskiing on one ski and jumping out of the water .
A wakeboarder leaps in the air .
A waterskier is jumping through the air whilst holding onto the line .
The man on the board uses the wave to jump high into the air .
A smiling woman with red lips wearing a white sweater and black hat is waving .
A stocky woman with black hair stands smiling and waving among dried corn stalks .
A woman in a yellow fluffy shirt waving next to dried corn husks .
A woman waving at the camera and smiling .
A woman waving from between two piles of dried corn husk .
A dog corners a little girl next to a police cruiser .
A girl playing with a dog near a police car .
A large white dog , a girl , and a police car in a driveway and an SUV in a garage .
A little girl is playing with a large , white poodle in the driveway next to a police car .
The girl is playing with her dog in her driveway .
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball .
A brown dog running after a red ball .
A dog chasing a pink ball .
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park .
Brown dog chasing a pink ball .
a group of people making excited expressions with their hands.
A group of people who look very excited about something stand outdoors .
A woman wearing a hood gives two peace signs while the man next to her claps and the woman behind her raises up her arms .
Several young people celebrate by clapping and cheering .
The group makes faces and hand gestures for the camera .
A man in a cast uses a camcorder while another man watches him .
A man makes a video while another watches .
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles .
A man with a cast is using a camcorder to record an enjoyable event .
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera .
A man has bleached tips in his Afro style hair and is on a cellphone .
A man with black hair and blonde tips talks on his cellphone.
A man with crazy hair is sitting with his fingers in his ears .
A man with dreadlocks is plugging his ear to hear a phone call .
A person with lots of hair and a Pac-man jacket is making a phone call .
a blonde haired girl in an Obama t-shirt is smiling at the camera .
A girl with long hair wearing an Obama t-shirt .
a woman wearing a t-shirt that says Obama.
A young women wears an " Obama " t-shirt .
Woman in Obama t-shirt smiling .
A group of girls in cheerleader clothing tosses another girl into the air with an athletic field in the background .
A group of young women , one up in the air .
Cheerleaders throw girl in air .
Five girls cheerleading .
The cheerleaders toss their fellow member in the air .
A black and white dog looking up .
A black and white dog stares up into the sky on a sunny day .
A dog in a grassy field , looking up .
A dog looking up in a grassy field .
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
Four guys playing soccer on the pavement .
Four people are playing soccer in a desolate field with a tree nearby .
Four people playing soccer at a distance .
Four people playing soccer on a brown surface .
four soccer players play on the pavement .
A man in a black sweatshirt holds up an Obama sign .
A man in black holds up an Obama 08 sign .
A man raises a campaign sign over his head .
An excited supporter of the Obama ticket for the 2008 presidential election .
An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential candidate and his running mate .
Three democrat supporters hold signs for an election .
Three people pose with their political signs out in public .
Three people smiling and holding political signs .
Three people with political signs .
Two men and a woman pose with signs for Obama and Chris Gregoire .
A black man is wearing a brown shirt and a necklace .
A black man with a necklace is starring off camera .
A man looks straight ahead at night .
A man with black skin and short hair wears a necklace and gray shirt .
An man of African heritage is wearing a grey shirt and silver neck chain .
A black and brown dog chewing on a stick.
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick .
A brown and black dog laying down and gnawing on the end of a stick .
A dog chews on a stick .
A dog gnawing on a bone .
A woman in a skirt walks down a path .
a woman walks on boards .
A woman with a scarf on her head walks down a wooden boardwalk .
Several people in a park walking on a low wooden boardwalk .
The woman wearing the brown skirt is carrying a black bag along a wooden walkway .
A city square with a large red wall and people walking about .
A town square of cobblestones with many people walking through it.
Average , everyday people walk by a facility .
Group of people on a brick plaza .
People walk through a square .
A cop stands in front of a car on a busy street .
A man walks in the city .
An officer stands next to a car on a city street .
A policeman stands in front of an SUV .
A police officer is lighting a cigarette .
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods .
a closeup of someone 's hands shooting a black gun.
A pair of hands is shooting a black gun in the direction of trees .
A person in a blue shirt shoots a gun .
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods .
a large woman sits in a port a john .
A person is sitting in front of three blue and white port-o-potties with a mop propped against them .
A woman , wearing an apron , sits outside three portable toilets .
A woman who cleans out port-a-potties rests .
The lady is waiting to clean the bathrooms .
A man talking on a cellphone is holding a blue banner .
A man talks on a cellphone while holding an Obama campaign sign .
The man in glasses carrying an Obama poster is talking on a cellphone .
The Obama supporter wears a black jacket and brown hat .
Yong man with cellphone and goatee holding Obama sign.
A man wearing a Barack Obama shirt smiles for the camera.
A man wearing an Obama t-shirt and holding a coffee cup .
A young man touts an Obama t-shirt .
This is a man holding a cup and wearing an Obama t-shirt .
This man is wearing a Barack Obama T-shirt and carrying a drink .
A couple of men in hats posing for a picture by a gas station .
Two guys wearing jackets .
Two men in hats pose together .
Two men wearing hats .
Two men wearing hats stand together and smile .
A car sponsored by Riwal is smoking its tires on a wet road .
A race car drives along a track in the rain.
A racing car is driving around a wet track with its headlights on .
A small race car with advertising is driving on a rainy track .
A sponsored race car is driving with lights on a wet raceway .
A man is raising his hand in the air and has a t-shirt with the united states on it .
A man makes celebratory gestures among a crowd at night .
man and woman cheering.
People yell with their arms streched at night .
The man and one of the women have their hands raised .
A boy and girl bounce on a trampoline nearby a playground and area of foliage .
A little girl and boy jump on a trampoline outside .
Children playing on a trampoline .
Two children bounce on a trampoline .
Two small children sitting and jumping on a trampoline .
A group of brides in white gowns hold red flowers on the side of a street .
A group of men and women are in wedding attire .
Line of women in white dresses holding red flowers.
many brides line up on the street .
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses.
A black dog leaps from the bank into a body of water , with a field of dry grass in the background .
A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .
A black lab runs headlong into a lake surrounded by farmland .
The black dog is running down the grassy knoll to jump in the water below .
The dog is jumping into the lake .
A girl in a swimming pool playing badminton while a lady watches .
A woman in a pink bathing suit holds a badminton racket while another lady looks on .
A woman sits and watches another woman play in the pool .
One woman sitting beside the pool while another plays badminton in the pool .
Woman playing badminton in the pool while another woman looks on .
A boy in black is jumping .
A boy jumping with a sunset in the background .
A young boy is wearing khaki pants and a black long sleeve shirt .
The child is jumping at dusk .
Young boy jumping with sunset behind him.
a boy in a stripy shirt is playing with a soccer ball in a grassy park in front of some bushes .
A boy in midair trying to kick a soccer ball.
A boy leaping in the air towards a soccer ball .
A child falling back to kick a soccer ball .
Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair .
A black man and a large , golden dog are on the beach .
A black man and his dog on the beach .
A man kneels in the wet sand at a beach near a dog .
A man playing with his brown dog on the beach .
Man and dog standing on the beach .
A man is bungee jumping from a platform whilst being watched by someone above him .
A man is in freefall from a point at which others are observing .
A person bungee jumping with the coordinator watching from above .
A view from below of a man bungee jumping.
This man is bungee jumping .
a closeup photo of a small dog with a holey ball in his mouth .
A dog carrying a white ball .
A dog fetches a ball in a field .
A dog trots with a ball in its mouth .
The dog is carrying a whiffle ball outside.
A man performs a ski jump in the snow .
A skier in a black top making a jump with a blue and white sign on pile of snow underneath .
A skier high in the air after a jump .
Man on skis attempting to jump over a snow pile.
The skier is airborne after going off the ramp .
An ATV racer blasts down the track sending dirt flying everywhere .
A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune .
A person is riding an ATV through the dirt .
ATV rider spinning his wheels .
The quad runner goes up the sand dune .
Three boys in orange shorts are walking on the rocks beside a woodland stream .
Three boys in swimming trunks walk upstream .
Three men only in shorts walking along a river.
Three people walking along a stream in a jungle .
Three people wearing shorts walk on rocks along the side of a stream in the woods .
a group of dogs pulling a sled through the snow .
A team of dogs are pulling a sled over snow .
A team of dogs pulling a sled .
A team of dogs pulling a sled down a snow covered road .
Sled dogs pull a sled through a snowy forest .
A man in yellow standing between two waterfalls .
A man standing between waterfalls .
A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps into a lake surrounded by two waterfalls .
A person wearing a yellow shirt just jumped from the top of the waterfall .
A person wearing a yellow shirt stands between two waterfalls .
A black and white dog on an orange leash jumps in a field .
A dog is bounding through tall grass .
A dog jumps and runs through tall grass with an orange rope under its legs .
a dog jumps in the field .
A dog runs into an autumn forest with an orange line attached .
A swan unfurling his wings over the water with a second swan in the background .
Two geese in dark blue water one goose has wings outstreached the other is starting a dive .
Two swans are in the water , the one in front is flapping its wings .
two white geese on the surface of the ocean.
Two white swans on the water .
A bunch of people sit in their jeeps on a dirt road .
A large group of people all driving Jeeps down a two lane path .
Many people are in a line of traffic and all are in jeeps .
Many villages in Jeeps fill a rural roadway .
Outdoor area crowded with jeeps packed with people , seen from behind .
A runner heading toward a base while the baseman tries to tag him out .
one baseball player running toward a base with another waiting on the base.
These two people are in baseball uniforms , making a play at base .
Two men playing baseball with the one in the black and red jersey running toward base .
Two people playing baseball .
A man in a flower patterned shirt is bowling .
A person bending over to pick up a ball at a bowling alley.
People at the bowling alley .
The person in the white flowered shirt is bending down at the ball return in the bowling alley .
Two people at the bowling alley .
A blond girl with a poster poses with a black haired girl .
Two costumed women holding a poster entitled " prom night " .
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer.
Two women hold a promotional poster from a movie .
two women hold up a flyer for the movie " prom night " .
A man and 2 women in dark clothing .
Man with red marks around mouth standing with two women who are wearing black .
Three people wear a lot of makeup and stand together .
Two women in Gothic makeup are posing next to a man in a leather jacket and red scarf .
Young man with red stains on face , with two women , posing in black clothing .
A boy wearing full riding gear is riding his bike down a paved road .
A child wearing a bicycle helmet and uniform is riding a bike.
A cyclist riding a bicycle on a road .
A young man in a bicycle helmet rides on a street .
Boy in a helmet riding his bike in a marathon .
A dog runs down a footbride in the fall .
A fluffy dog runs across a bridge near a forest .
a tan jump running across a narrow bridge .
A white dog is running over a bridge .
A white dog running over a bridge .
A girl holds a blow-up tiger while another girl is in a costume .
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .
Girls sit in costumes .
The girl wearing black is holding a toy and is sitting next to a girl in costume .
Two women sitting on a bench , their faces obscured , with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume .
A man leaping into the air with a mountain vista behind him .
A man poses as he jumps from rock to rock in a forest .
A man steps off of a boulder .
A young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop .
A young man poses as he jumps in midair between two rocks in a highland .
Movers getting furniture through a window on the second floor and amused passers by .
People are pulling something out of a second story window.
People are walking on a street outside of a building .
People holding onto ropes while trying to get something through a window on the second floor .
People move furniture through the second-story window of a building using ropes and pulleys .
A group of young men wrestle with each other wielding a floppy toy sword .
Teenagers are playing with a toy sword .
The three people are playing around with a fake knife .
Three men with mouths open and one is holding a fake sword.
Two young men pretend to attack a third man with a colorful prop knife .
The man wears a white hat and poses with a blonde woman and a black haired woman .
Three people are dressed for a costume party .
Three people dressed in costumes pose for the camera .
three people posing for the picture with big smiles and blood on the faces of two people.
Three smiling people in various costumes .
A couple hug each other , while holding a toy tiger .
A couple hugs while holding a plastic tiger .
A couple with an inflatable tiger .
a couple posing with a plastic orange and white tiger.
A man dressed as a safari hunter poses with a woman and his inflatable tiger toy .
A boy and a girl are dressed in colorful costumes .
A man in a red costume is talking to a girl in a Snow White costume .
Two children are dressed up like characters in Michael Jackson 's ' Thriller ' video .
Two people dressed in costumes .
Two people dressed in costumes talk to each other .
A blond lady and an Asian guy have blood stains on their face and neck .
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture .
A man and woman dressed in costume pose for the camera .
An Asian man is dressed as an explorer is posing with a woman dressed up as a movie starlet .
Woman in sunglasses accompanied by a man in a safari outfit .
a group of three people walking together .
A man in a fancy pattern jacket stands outside a club with two ladies .
Three people , faces obscured , standing in formal dress .
Two women in dark clothes are taking a picture with a man in a colorful coat .
Two women looking at the camera and a man looking away .
A black and brown dog playing in the water at a beach .
A black dog and a dog that is brown and white stand in the water .
The large black dog and a small red and white dog are standing in the water .
Two dogs are sniffing each other while standing in a body of water .
Two dogs in the water .
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game .
two woman competing in a sporting event.
Two women are playing a game with sticks and a small white ball .
Two women are reaching with sticks for a ball during a sports game .
Two women playing field hockey .
A group of speed skaters making a turn with a blue advertisement behind them .
Three ice skaters round a corner .
Three people racing on ice skates .
Three speed skaters racing down the ice rink .
Three speed skaters skating .
a lone surfboarder surfing a wave riding a white surfboard .
A man catches a huge wave on his surfboard .
A surfboarder going down a wave .
A surfer makes a turn on a wave .
The surfer is riding a wave .
A group of little girls jumping together in a backyard .
Several young girls playing on a trampoline with a blue covering .
Three girls happily jumping .
Three girls jumping on a trampoline .
Young girls play together with glee and joy .
A man is jumping on another man with a white face and long hair in a wrestling Ring .
A man performs a wrestling move on the wrestler in the rink .
A professional wrestler takes a flying leap onto another wrestler .
A wrestler is falling onto another wrestler who is laying in a ring .
People are watching the wrestler fall .
A driver is at the wheel of a race car .
A man inside a red race car gives a thumbs up sign .
A man is in a red race car while another man is at the back of it .
A man is smiling whilst sitting inside a red racing car .
A race car driver smiles and gives the thumbs up before a race .
A black and white dog in the grass holding a pine cone in its mouth .
A black and white dog is biting on a pine cone on the grass .
A black and white dog playing with a pine cone .
A dog eating a pine cone .
A dog plays with a pine cone .
A group of dark-skinned people are walking past barbed wire .
A group of people are walking down a road passing by some barb-wire .
A group of people carrying bags walk near a barb wire fence .
A poor family is leaving their home with only a few belongings .
A small group of black adults and children are walking on a brown surface .
A boy dances as another boy stands on a short brick wall .
Two boys are playing on very old architectural structures .
Two boys play outside a building .
Two people stand outside near an arched doorway .
Young boys playing in front of fortess gate.
A boy wearing a teal shirt is riding a skateboard on a sidewalk .
A man wearing a green shirt is skateboarding on a ramp beside a white fence .
A skateboarder in a light green shirt .
A young male wearing a blue shirt rides a skateboard in an outdoor park at night .
A young man skateboards at night by a fence .
A brown dog leaps in the air over colorful leafs.
A dog is jumping in the air over some leaves .
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves .
A dog knocking over potted plants in a yard covered in leaves .
The small brown dog is amidst the potted plants and fallen leaves .
A woman in a race turning a corner .
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park .
Cyclist speeding down the trail .
Female cyclist riding on a dirt course .
Woman on blue bicycle wearing helmet.
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire .
A brown dog in an orange collar shaking off water .
A brown dog is shaking off after getting wet .
A wet dog shaking off the water with an orange collar .
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off .
A woman and a man playing instruments .
A woman in a plaid skirt and black top plays an electric violin .
A woman in a plaid skirt is playing a violin in a park-like setting with other band members .
A woman in black tights is holding a fiddle .
A woman is playing violin in a plaid skirt and black shirt .
A female lawn hockey player hitting the ball.
A girl in an orange uniform hits a ball in field hockey .
A girl in orange is hitting the ball in field hockey .
An athletic girl in an orange uniform is on a playing field of green grass and swinging at a ball .
A woman hockey player in an orange strip is striking the ball with her stick .
A young boy is pushing an adult male in a wheelchair .
A young boy is pushing someone with a broken foot into the hospital .
A young boy pushes a large man in a wheelchair .
a young child pushes a large man in a wheelchair .
The little boy is pushing a man in a wheelchair .
A dog in water carrying a long stick .
A dog picks up a stick with his mouth while treading through water .
A large furry dog walking through the water with a big stick in his mouth .
The dog is holding a branch , swimming in the river .
The dog retrieves the branch from the water .
The boys dressed in athletic wear perform exercises on the grass .
Two boys are running around a field .
Two men are running side by side in a field .
Two men run across a field near a parking lot.
two teenagers playing ultimate Frisbee.
A boy surfs .
A young boy rides on a surfboard with light blue water behind him .
A young male surfing .
a young surfer surfs the large blue wave .
young boy surfing on blue water.
A boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs .
A boy in a striped shirt and hat does tricks on the steps .
A boy , wearing a baseball cap , jumps in the air near some steps .
a young man jumping through the air near a staircase.
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air .
A black dog running through a long orange tunnel .
a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel.
A brown dog running through a large orange tube .
a brown dog runs through a orange tunnel .
The dog is running through a tunnel.
one large brown dog running alongside a black and white dog .
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees .
Two dogs are running through a grassy area near tall trees .
Two dogs running in the grass .
Two dog with trees in the background .
A boy is jumping over a large hole in the ground .
A person jumping into a hole .
A wmoan is jumping off land and into a ditch .
A young boy jumps in the air on a pathway under construction in the hills .
The little kids is jumping off a ledge and into the dirt below it .
a tennis player hits the ball .
A tennis player hits the ball and makes a serious face .
A woman in a green sport outfit is attempting to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
A young woman in a dark green tennis outfit serves the ball .
Female tennis player dressed in green hits yellow ball.
A boy in a hat stands barefoot at the edge of a body of water .
a boy wearing red plays in the creek .
A person in a red hat stand watches the onrushing waves .
A young boy makes a splash in the water near the rocks .
The boy in the red hat and shirt is wading in the shallows of the river .
A dog running through a field with a ball in its mouth.
A dog runs on brown grass .
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball .
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth .
The black and white dog is in the brown grass with a ball in his mouth .
Four children on stools in a diner .
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar .
Four small children sit on tall stools at a restaurant bar .
Four young children sitting on large bar stools next to a counter .
Four young kids are sitting on large stools at a bar waiting for drinks.
A curious dog sniffs at grocery bags on a counter .
A dog is standing up against the kitchen counters trying to get into bags .
A dog standing on his hind legs has his head and front paws on the kitchen counter .
Dog climbs counter with red grocery bags.
Dog on two legs leaning against a counter with filled bags .
A group of men play soccer on the field .
A man in a red uniform leaps in the air as one in a white uniform tries to kick a ball .
During a soccer game , one man is in the air while another has one foot down .
The soccer player in white is challenging the player in red for the ball in midair .
Two soccer teams are playing , one is in white the other in red .
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area .
A mountain biker jumps off of a fence while going downhill .
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees .
A person riding a bike in the woods .
Person on bicycle doing a trick on white fencing .
A barefoot and shirtless skateboarder rides along a road .
A man in shorts skateboards down the street .
A skateboarder in striped shorts skating down a street .
A teenager wearing striped shorts and no shirt is skateboarding down a road a long the ocean .
Shirtless , tattooed man rides skateboard down blurring street near beach .
A group of greyhound dogs racing with muzzles covering their noses .
A group of greyhounds racing with jerseys and muzzles .
A group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms with numbers run down a track .
Four greyhound dogs are racing against each other in a competition .
Racing dogs , wearing jerseys with numbers , run by .
A surfer on a wave with two others in the background .
Distant surfer rides wave toward shore , two other surfers in background .
Several surfers ride a wave approaching the beach .
Someone is riding a blue wave .
Surfers are riding their boards on large waves .
A man sits on the grass and drinks from a water bottle .
A man sitting on a soccer field drinking a bottle of water .
An athelete takes a break and sits in the grass drinking water .
A soccer player is sitting on the field drinking from a water bottle .
A soccer player sits on the field drinking water .
A boy turns a handcrank in a courtyard .
A child turning a crank with benches behind him .
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area .
A young boy standing in a courtyard turning a crank .
Young boy turning a crank in the street .
A white and brown dog is leaping through the air .
A white and brown dog runs in a field .
a white dog jumps into the air .
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass .
The white and brown dog runs across the grass .
A beige dog with orange vest running on withering grass .
A dog wearing an orange vest scampers playfully across the grass .
A golden retriever running on short grass wearing an orange outfit .
A light-colored dog wearing orange plays in the grass .
The white dog is wearing orange clothing and running through the grass .
A female tennis player readies herself .
A girl is getting ready to serve the ball in a game of tennis .
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court .
A woman playing tennis preparing to serve the ball .
A woman wearing a white shirt and a short , black skirt is in motion on a green , artificial surface .
A male surfer is on his stomach and riding a wave .
A man on a blue surfboard is on a wave .
A surfboarder prepares to catch a wave .
A surfer rides the waves .
Person riding wave on stomach on a blue surfboard .
Two guys running along a wall .
Two men holding their arms out from their bodies .
Two men in red shirts appear to be walking on the exterior walls of a decorative building .
Two men in red shirts walking on the walls of a white building .
Two men wearing dark pants and red shirts are leaping in-synch in front of a white building .
A black and white dog with a blue toy in its mouth runs on a grassy surface just beyond a fence .
a black dog is running pasts a wire mesh fence with a blue bone shaped toy in its mouth .
A black dog is running with a blue bone in his mouth .
A black dog running with a blue toy in his mouth .
A dog is running with a blue bone in its mouth.
A man in a yellow jacket is riding a horse through the mountains .
A man rides a horse , while mountains and clouds are shown in the background .
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene .
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background .
Man sitting on brown horse with mountains in background .
A boy in a pumpkin patch making a funny face with his arms in the air .
A boy in a Redskins jersey jumps up to scare a patch of pumpkins .
A boy is standing stretching his arms out whilst standing in a pumpkin patch .
A small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins .
A young boy in a red football jersey makes a large gesture as he stands in the midst of pumpkins .
A little girl playing piggyback with her father on a blanket in the park .
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man 's back while he is laying on a blanket .
A man lies on a blue blanket with a child on his back .
A small girl sitting on a man 's back .
The little girl tackles a man and makes the universal sign for " Touchdown ! ".
A girl in a colorful skirt and blue shirt pounces onto her bed .
A girl in colorful clothing is jumping on a bed with a color-block quilt .
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed .
A young girl in a colorful skirt is in the midst of falling onto a bed .
Woman in multicolor skirt airborne above a bed with a multicolor bedspread .
Killer whales perform for a crowd .
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people .
Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld .
Three whales are jumping into the air at the same time in front of a very large crowd .
Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch .
A child , held by his mother , slides down a water slide .
A woman holding a young boy slide down a water slide into a pool .
A woman is holding up a child as they coming splashing down a slide into a pool .
A woman is sliding down a water slide with a little boy on her lap .
A woman slides down a purple water slide with a small boy on her lap into a pool .
A brown dog is running in a yard .
a brown dog jumping through the grass .
A brown dog runs in the grass with a wooden fence behind .
A dog running in a fenced yard.
Brown dog running on grass .
a dog runs for the tennis ball .
A German shepherd runs after a tennis ball.
A tan and black dog chases a yellow ball .
Shepherd dog catches tennis ball.
The German shepherd dog is chasing after a ball .
A big black and brown dog plays outdoors .
A black and tan dog leaps over the green grass .
A brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk .
A dog runs .
A German shepherd jumps left on patchy grass .
An elderly indian lady is wearing an orange headscarf and bangles .
an elderly woman smiles for the camera .
A smiling old woman in India is covered by a safron shawl .
A woman wearing an orange scarf smiles and looks at the camera .
Old woman missing teeth stands with metal object in hand .
A woman holding a child is walking through water .
A woman in yellow carries a child in the water .
A woman is carrying a child through a small river .
A woman is carrying her child while sifting through shallow water .
Lady carrying her child in the river .
A soccer player in a red and white uniform was chasing the soccer ball and was tripped by a player in a purple uniform .
The guys are playing soccer .
The soccer player in purple keeps the ball from the man in red .
Two soccer players are fighting over a soccer ball on a grassy field .
two soccer players kick a soccer ball .
An older lady dressed in winter clothes looks out over a white balcony .
A woman in a coat and scarf behind a white railing .
A woman in a maroon scarf sits and looks out over a white rail .
close-up of a lady in a coat and a purple scarf sitting on a blue chair.
The elderly person enjoys sitting on the deck on cold but sunny day .
The three ladies stand at attention in their native garb .
Three people , dressed in green , orange , and yellow , holding hands with one another .
Three thin women in colorful dresses .
Three women in brightly colored dresses .
three women wearing bright colored dresses hold hands .
A large dog and a small one walk with their toys .
A small white dog is carrying something blue in its mouth and a bigger brown and black dog is carrying something orange in its mouth .
Two dogs playing outside near the water .
Two dogs play with each other outdoors .
Two dogs walking with their toys .
A man in a white helmet clings to a sheer rock face.
A man wearing a white helmet is rock climbing .
A man with all his equipment rock climbing .
A rock climber wearing a white helmet .
Bearded man rock climbing .
A black dog lays in the sand .
A black dog sits in sand .
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand .
a black lab sits in the sand .
A brown dog sits on the beach .
A boy stands in a pool outside .
A little boy is playing in some water at a waterpark .
A shirtless child is bent over playing in shallow pool water .
a young boy playing in a pool .
A young boy plays in the water of a shallow swimming pool .
A baseball pitcher is bowling the ball .
A man playing baseball , throwing the ball .
A pitcher throws the ball .
Minor league pitcher.
The guy is in a baseball uniform , in a baseball field , and is throwing a baseball.
A looker on catches a motocross bike on its side after a spill while another races by .
A man on a dirt bike zipping away while another one slips to the ground and a third man in a yellow jacket looks on .
A man on a motorcycle making a tight turn.
A person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike .
Bike rider is looking at a accident of other sports bike rider .
A blonde boy and a girl in pajamas with make-up .
A girl with her arm around a boy covering his face .
A little girls puts her arm around a little boy .
a young girl hugs a little boy .
the little boy sitting next to the girl is covering his face with his hand .
A child is riding on a man 's back .
A man and a boy wrestle inside a house .
A man is giving a little boy a piggy back on the floor .
A man wrestling with a child on the floor .
a young boy playing on another mans back.
the legs of two athletes playing soccer on a field.
The lower halves of two kids playing soccer.
Two guys in soccer attire chasing a soccer ball .
Two people play soccer while three people watch .
Two soccer players chasing a ball in the grass .
A black and white dog is carrying a blue ball through the yard of a house in a tropical location .
A black and white dog with a blue dog toy in its mouth walks across a grassy yard .
A dog plays with a blue spiky ball in the grass .
a dog plays with a toy .
Black and white dog has blue ball in mouth .
A brown white dog shaking water off .
A bulldog with a red bandanna shakes off water .
a dog shakes dry .
A wet bulldog shakes off water .
A wet dog shaking its self dry .
A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves.
Little girls who are dressed up play in the falling autumn leaves .
The two young girls are dressed as fairies , and are playing in the leaves outdoors .
Two small girls dressed as fairies .
two small girls walk along the leaves .
A greyhound in a race wearing a metal muzzle .
A white and black dog racing on a track.
A white dog with a mouthpiece and a red collar running .
A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track .
A white racing dog with a muzzle is racing around the turn of a dirt track .
A boy sits between two girls on a swing .
Three children in blue shirts swinging on a swing set .
Three people on swings .
Three people wearing green shirts ride together on the swings .
Two girls swing on with a boy , all three are wearing blue shirts of the same shade and blue jeans .
a blond man jumping off a cliff into some water.
A man is jumping off a rock into a pool of water while three others watch .
Four people are cavorting on the rocks at a river 's edge.
People stand by a rocky cliff with water below .
Three people on a rocky cliff over a body of water .
A man is wind sailing in the ocean .
A man stands on a sailboat in the water .
A man windsurfs near the beach .
A person is windsurfing in the water .
A wind-surfer in near the beach .
One small dog chases another across grass .
Two dogs run on the grass .
Two little white dogs with brown spots are running in the grass .
Two small white and brown dogs chase after each other in the grass .
two spotted dogs are running through a field.
A skier doing a high jump from a snowy ramp near a mountain range .
A ski jumper enjoys winter fun .
A snowboarder flies off of a jump which is next to a big red atomic sign .
a snowboarder is up in the air having taken off from a big jump in a tournament .
A snowboarder jumps off a large ramp in the mountains .
The two dogs are jumping .
Two brown and white dogs racing across a lawn .
Two brown and white dogs running across grass .
Two dogs run together across a grassy lawn .
Two small white and brown dogs bound in unison .
A guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at night .
A man wearing green jumps with his skateboard in the street .
A skateboarder jumping a traffic cone .
A young man taking a jump on a skateboard .
The skateboarder does a jump near a traffic cone .
a closeup blurred image of a man wearing a green shirt and tan pants .
A distorted picture of two men walking in the street .
A man in brown pants has his picture enlarged and stretched .
A man wearing carpenters pants and a green hooded sweatshirt walks down the street .
A man with a dark blue jacket and brown pants stands beside another man in front of a building .
A man in a yellow helmet is walking with a yellow bicycle near a group a of protesters .
A man is walking alongside a yellow bike on a sidewalk .
A man on a street with his yellow bike.
A man wearing a yellow and black helmet walks with his yellow bike .
a man wearing a yellow bike helmet walking his yellow bike along a sidewalk.
A man riding a motorcycle down the sidewalk .
A person rides a moped while women sit on a bench surrounded by pigeons .
A street with pigeons , a motorcyclist and a woman on a bench .
The birds are in the street .
two woman eating at a table with a lot of pigeons on the street next to them.
A brown dog jumping off a rock into a lake .
A brown dog leaps into water from a rock .
A dog is taking a dive into a body of water .
A dog leaps over the water from a rock .
The dog is leaping into the water .
A man looks at a woman and she smiles .
A man looks at a woman 's face while they talk .
a man stares at a lady .
A middle aged man is looking at the middle aged woman .
An older man gives a woman an amused look .
A surfer rides the crashing waves while another follows behind .
One man riding a surfboard and one man laying on a surfboard on light waves .
two surfers are riding waves in open water .
Two surfers on riding a small wave .
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves .
A bicylist riding in the mountains .
A man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike .
A man rides his bike over a bump on a dirt path .
A mountain biker jumps a rock on a mountain .
Man riding a mountain bike doing a jump in the air .
Five small white dogs are wearing muzzles and running .
Five white and white and brown , muzzled dogs run across a green , grassy lawn .
Five white dogs with muzzles are running towards the camera .
Little muzzled white dogs are running in the grass .
Several dogs in muzzles are racing on the grass .
A girl with a short haircut and eyebrow piercing bites her finger and crosses her arms .
A very pale redheaded teen has her hand to her face thinking .
A woman wearing a blue face is resting her finger beside her nose .
A woman with red hair holds her hand to her mouth and looks pensive .
Woman with short red hair stands alone with a worried look on her face .
A dog runs through the woods .
A pale tan dog romps through a wooded area.
A tan dog is carrying a small object in its mouth .
a tan dog running.
A yellow dog is trotting through the leaves .
A man in a brown jacket and a white shirt looks to his side .
A man in a brown jacket looking off to the side.
A white man in a jacket looks to his left.
A young man standing in a crowded area .
Middle-aged man in casual clothes looking off camera .
Naked children play on the muddy riverbank .
Three boys playing in the mud .
Three children in rural area playing in muddy water .
Three naked children playing in muddy water .
Three naked little boys are playing in a river and are covered in mud ; one is standing up .
Two girls in backless dresses .
Two girls in evening wear are looking back and smiling .
Two pretty ladies show off the low cut backs of their dresses.
Two smiling women in backless dresses facing away from the camera have their heads turned to look behind them .
Two women wearing bare-back dresses look over their shoulder for a picture .
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table .
A group of people looking at sound equipment .
People are inspecting sound equipment indoors .
People examine equipment .
Six people standing behind electrical equipment .
A man is working on a computer while two people sit and talk in front .
A person at a computer , and five people in the seating area .
A person is sitting at a computer working while people wait .
A person working on a computer with other equipment with three other individuals in the background talking .
Several people standing around and operating computer equipment.
A girl in a blue sweater with a white pattern is jumping into a pile of leaves .
A girl in a sweater diving into a pile of leaves .
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves.
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves .
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard .
A man in a blue shirt , black jacket , and glasses smiling with his arms crossed .
A man in a leather coat and glasses smiles .
A man in a leather jacket grins with his teeth showing .
A man wearing glasses , a blue shirt with a black jacket and a smile.
A smiling man wearing glasses and a leather jacket .
A man holds up an electronic device while he and another male look on .
A man takes a picture of him and his friend with his phone .
A man takes a picture of himself and another guy .
Two men pose for a picture on a camera phone .
Two men taking a picture together with the phone of one of the men.
a blonde man looks at the camera .
The blond man looks at the camera while another man looks into his eyes .
Two men dressed in blue face each other .
Two men with sunglasses on their heads facing each other in a crowd .
Two men , with sunglasses on their heads , talking .
A brightly lit urban street with lots of people walking across a street .
A busy city street as people are walking .
A crowd scene in a downtown area .
Blurry people walking in the city at night .
Many people are walking on a busy street at night .
An elderly person with a white hat is reading a paperback book .
An elder woman in a hat and scarf is looking through a book she has in her hands .
An older woman wearing a hat reads a book .
An old lady consulting a paperback book .
A woman in a white hat reading a book .
A dirt biker is airborne in front of a crowd .
A motocross rider doing a jump in front of an audience .
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air .
The motocross bike is doing a jump in the air in front of the crowd .
The motocross rider does a trick in the air .
A bunch of bikes racing on a track .
A group of men on motorcycles round the corner on a racetrack .
A group of motorcyclists in a race .
A motorcycle race on a racetrack .
Numbered motorcycles round the turn on a racetrack with billboards in the background .
Two men are standing in a recording studio .
two men in a dim room surrounded by several computers.
Two men looking at each other with computer monitors in the foreground .
two men stand behind a table containing computers and microphones .
Two men stand inside an enclosed area with multiple computers present .
A female wearing all black is speaking to a room full of people .
A gathering of people with computers and videocameras .
A teacher is standing in front of a small class while being filmed.
a woman is being videotaped whilst giving a presentation to a group of people .
Lecture takes place in casual atmosphere .
A dog stands on his hind legs while another dog looks on .
The brown dog watches as the black dog jumps in the grass .
Two brown dogs in a grassy field , one jumping for a ball .
Two dogs play ball in a field near a street.
Two dogs playing with a small blue ball in a grassy field .
A black and white dog with a green collar stands in front of a sign .
A dog is jumping into a pool for a swim competition.
A dog jumping off a dock into a pool of water .
A dog walks across a puddle of water in Las Vegas .
The furry black and white dog is running through a shallow pool .
Four girls in evening attire pose for a picture .
four girls in evening wear are posing for a photograph .
Four woman wearing formal gowns pose together and smile .
Four women are standing together , posing for a picture .
Four women in dresses pose together .
a lone parasurfer surfing a huge wave in the ocean .
A man parasurfs in the ocean.
A person in a green jacket it surfing while holding on to a line .
A person in green surfing a wave .
A person on a surfboard in the waves , holding onto a tether .
At the bottom of a set of stairs , there are two men and a tent .
Men in a khaki-colored tent outside in a rundown area .
People in a tent shelter near the bottom of stairs .
Two people are in a tent near a brick wall .
Two people in a tent near a rock wall .
A class full of students .
A classroom of students watching a presentation .
A conference is being held that involves laptops and big screen presentations .
A group of people are at a conference watching a slideshow .
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people .
Three man looking into the distance.
Three men are standing on a cliff overlooking mountains and the ocean .
Three men are staring at the big , green hills in the distance .
Three men looking at grass covered hill .
Three men stand on a mountain looking at another .
a lone surfer riding a huge wave .
A person riding a surfboard comes up over a large wave .
A surfer flips his board so it is perpendicular to the ocean .
A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean .
The surfer makes a reentry move on a wave .
A man dressed in all white is talking to the people seated on the dirt floor .
A man in a long white robe and white head cap is pointing to a group of people sitting on a blanket .
A man in a white robe stands and talks to people who are sitting .
A man wearing a long white robe and a white cap , stands over a group of seated people .
The children are sitting with their shoes off .
A bicycler does a trick in the air and his shadow is captured on the ceiling .
A boy doing a trick in the air on his bicycle.
A man in a brown shirt and jeans is doing a trick on his bicycle .
A man performing a bicycle trick inside in midair .
The man is doing a trick on a bike in midair .
A man in a leather jacket and leather boots .
A man in mostly leather clothing stands in a nighttime entertainment area .
A man wearing a leather jacket poses in front of the camera .
Black man in black leather jacket.
Man in leather motorcycle gear .
A man and two woman dressed like vampires complete with scary makeup .
A man and two women dressed in costumes .
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes.
Some party goers pose in their costumes at a halloween party .
Three people wearing dark costumes and make-up pose for a picture .
A group of women dressed as characters from star treck .
Four women dressed in costume , one with a pink wig , look to the left .
Four women dressed up in funny costumes .
Four women pose in their alien costumes .
Three women wearing wigs .
A woman holding a baby and making faces at it .
A woman holding a baby up and making a funny face.
A woman makes faces at a small child .
The man wearing glasses holds a baby wearing blue .
the woman is making faces at the baby that she is holding .
A man attempts to push another who is carrying a ball .
A soccer player prepares to tackle a player from the rival team .
A soccer player pushes another player as he catches the ball .
One rugby player holding a ball is getting hit from behind by another player .
Two players from different teams fighting for the white , red , and black ball .
A group of people display ribbons won by their dogs .
A group of people pose in a grassy field with their dogs .
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road .
Five people stand in the grass with three dogs .
Five women and three dogs posing for a picture .
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold , sun-shaped mask .
A man wears a golden mask with his hair spiked and a yellow shirt .
A man wears a gold sun mask .
A man with a yellow shirt and gold sun mask on his face .
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask .
A girl and guy dressed up in costumes.
A man dressed as " Teen Wolf " hugs a woman made up like a vampire .
A man in a werewolf mask is with a woman wearing elf ears .
The man wearing the mask and sunglasses has his arm around the woman who is wearing fake pointed ears .
Two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera .
A person waving is hanging off a zip line .
A woman harnessed to a cable by a pulley .
A woman on a harness hanging from a rope waves at the camera .
A woman rapels through barren treetops .
A woman waves as she rides a zip line .
A lady holds a baby and they both are looking at one another .
A lady with glasses holds a baby who is looking up at her .
A woman holds a baby in a blue jumper .
A woman holds a toddler .
A woman wearing a gray t-shirt holds a child wearing a black shirt under a light blue smock .
A brown and white dog walking on concrete debris with a gravel pile in the background .
A brown dog is making its way through a pile of junk .
A dog is in a landfill .
A dog stands on a cement platform looking down at rubble .
A tan dog is climbing down a pile of concrete rubble .
A goalie blocking the goal with assistance from a teammate during a hockey game .
A hockey player tries to make a goal while the goalie and another player look on .
A hockey play shooting for a goal in a professional game .
Hockey players scramble in front of the goal .
The goalie with the white jersey allowed a goal by the player on the red team .
A dog runs over a stick in the leaves .
A small white dog is jumping over a branch on the ground covered with leaves .
A small white dog leaps over a root in the woods .
A white dog jumps over a log .
A white dog running in the fallen leaves .
A brown dog is swimming through water with an orange ball in its mouth .
A dark brow dog holds an orange ball in his mouth while walking through water .
A dog wading in the water with a ball in his mouth.
A wet , brownish-red dog with an orange ball in his mouth is swimming in some water .
Brown dog in water , with orange and blue ball in mouth .
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard .
A man in a green shirt attempts a back flip with the help of his friend .
A man in a green shirt begins to jump over backwards as another helps him .
One man helps another man start a back flip.
One man is helping another man with red shorts do a back flip in the yard .
A boy playing in a pile of dead leaves .
A young boy is bursting out of a pile of dead leaves .
A young boy is playing in leaves .
A young boy with his eyes closed tossing leaves while sitting in a leaf pile .
The child is playing in the leaves .
A man holds a microphone to his mouth , backlit by green lights .
A man in a shirt sings into a microphone onstage.
A man sings into a microphone in front of a green light .
A man with a microphone .
A signer standing in green light .
a lone surfer surfing a large collapsing wave in the ocean .
A person is surfing under a large wave .
A person surfing through a crashing wave in the ocean .
A surfer riding under a wave .
Water splashing up against something .
A boy is standing on a snowboard in front of a crowd .
A crowd stands in the background watching someone sliding down a ramp on a board .
A crowd watching a snowboarder .
A man sliding on a concrete bench on his snowboard as people watch.
Snowboarder is standing on his board while the crowd watches him .
a kayaker wearing yellow fights the rapids .
A man goes through whitewater in a kayak .
A man is riding a kayak through water .
A man kayaks in rough water .
A man kiyaking in rough water .
A man in a blue jersey is kicking a ball while another man watches .
A man in a number ten jersey kicks a soccer ball while another team member watches .
A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .
Number ten is kicking the ball as number seven watches .
Two men in blue jersey tops and white shorts play soccer ,.
A group of men playing against each other in a football match .
five men playing in a soccer game.
People outside playing soccer .
Rugby players competing in a match .
These people are playing a soccer type game .
A wave splashes the rocks as seagulls fly by .
Birds are fleeing a rock that has recently been splashed by heavy waves .
Seagulls abandon their rock as a wave crashes against it .
Seagulls are flying above the crashing waves .
Waves crashing against rocks with seagulls flying over .
A group of people ride a blue roller coaster on its way down from a turn .
A large group of people are riding on a blue roller coaster .
A very very wide roller coaster trundles down the track .
People are riding a blue roller coaster-like ride with wide seating mechanisms .
There are a lot of people on the roller coaster .
A boy holding a plate over his head .
A boy wearing blue is standing in the middle of a room holding a plate above his head .
a young child balancing a plate in the air on one arm .
The child wearing striped pants is holding an object .
The young boy is pretend playing with boxes .
A bunch of people rowing a canoe , with a boat full of people in the background .
A group of men in a canoe paddle down a river .
a team of rowers rowing in a green and red boat.
Men wearing brown shirts with orange vests rowing orange and green boats .
Rowers racing furiously .
Men in blue uniforms holding little girl with bandaged face and stuffed animal.
Two first responders carrying an injured girl.
Two men in blue jumpsuits , one holding a bandaged girl.
Two men in uniform carry a small girl and her things .
Two pilots walk along carrying a young girl with a bandaged head .
A guy in navy blue and yellow shorts jumping into a pool .
A man catches a football in midair while jumping into a pool .
A man in swim trunks is jumping into a pool while in a strange pose.
Antics in a covered pool .
People are diving into a swimming pool .
A group of five young adults lounging indoors .
A man and a woman sit on a couch and look at each other while three other men stand by .
A small group of people standing while two sit on the couch .
There are four men and one woman .
Three men are setting up a scene by measuring the lights for a couple sitting on a low couch .
A black and green monster truck flying through the air .
A four wheeler jumping cars .
A giant monster truck leaps over crushed cars and into the air inside the arena .
A monster truck in the air above demolished cars .
A monster truck soars into the air at an arena .
a group of children playing in a sprinkler.
A group of children playing in a water fountain .
Children play in a water spray .
Little kids enjoy sprinklers by running through them outdoors .
Several girls in swimsuits are playing in a sprinkler fountain .
A person on skis on a rail at night .
A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars .
A skier slides along a metal rail .
A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object .
The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail .
A basketball game.
a group of athletes playing a basketball game.
A group of basketball players jump in the air for the ball .
Basketball players participate in a game .
Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal .
A group of girls playing field hockey .
five female hockey players are scrambling for the ball around the goal mouth .
Girls play field hockey .
The field hockey players scramble in front of the goal .
The field hockey team is trying to score a goal .
A heavy set couple sitting in lawn chairs on the grass with a brown dog at their feet .
An elderly man and woman are sitting on lawn chairs holding onto the leash of a brown dog .
People sit in chairs at a park with a dog .
People sitting in chairs while dog lies in grass.
Some people in a park with a dog and folding chairs .
A fencing class takes place on a basketball court .
A man in a black shirt stares at a swordsman.
A man in a black shirt wanders around amongst fencing players .
A man is standing in a gym surrounded by men fencing .
Many people are fencing on a basketball court .
A hockey player makes a shot .
A hockey player skates forward with the puck as an opponent watches from nearby on the ice rink .
A hockey player wearing black and white slides his stick along the ice .
An ice hockey player is shooting the puck as an opposing player watches .
Two men playing hockey on the ice .
A child walks outside as leaves fall .
Children are playing with leaves in the autumn .
Children in coats playing in fall leaves .
Children tossing dead leaves on lawn .
Two children throw dead leaves into the air around them .
A boy in blue shorts with yellow stripes down the sides is leaping .
A boy jumps behind a fence .
A child jumping on the other side of a green fence .
The boy is leaping into the air .
young boy leaps from a platform at a fenced in playgroud.
A kid doing a trick on a skateboard .
A man jumps off of his skateboard on the top of a cement ramp .
a skateboarder jumps .
Person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch .
The skateboarder prepares to wipeout .
Two dark haired girls are on a tire swing .
Two girls are swinging together on a tire swing .
Two girls swing on a tire swing .
Two laughing girls swing in a tire swing .
Two young girls laughing on a tire swing .
A damaged ambulance is being hauled on a truck bed down the road .
A wrecked ambulance is being towed .
Recked ambulance being towed by a large tow truck .
The ambulance on the flatbed truck was in a collision .
Wrecked ambulance is being towed by a large truck .
a closeup into a large unique type plan with a lone woman in the center .
A person sitting in an airplane display .
A woman is sitting in a white bi-plane that hangs from the roof of an air museum .
Ride with a model biplane .
The plane is hanging from the ceiling in the museum .
A man is wearing a blue shirt with the word Mambo on it .
A man is wearing a shirt that reads , " Mambo " with an image of a baby and a teddy bear .
A man wears a t-shirt showing a baby humping a stuffed bear .
A person wearing a blue mambo shirt has his back to the camera .
The man is wearing a blue shirt .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick down a flight of outdoor stairs .
A cyclist is attempting to go down the steps on his bike .
A man is riding a bicycle down a staircase .
A person riding a bicycle down a red ramp .
Cyclist biking down a concrete stairway .
A girl in blue hanging on to a vine in a forest .
A little girl in blue is smiling whilst playing on a rope swing .
A little girl wearing a blue shirt and blue checkered shorts is swinging on a rope swing outside .
A young girl in shorts is swinging on a vine .
Young girl hanging on a vine .
A child and an adult looking at each other .
A man and a young boy sitting down.
A woman wearing many beaded necklaces looks at a child with just one .
A woman with man bead necklaces looks down at the girl sitting next to her .
Tribal woman and child staring at each other in the jungle .
A crowd of people are standing in front of Italian style buildings .
A crowd of people stand looking at somthing in a European courtyard .
A crowd of people stands attentively in a plaza with buildings in the background .
A group of people are looking at the buildings .
Group of people standing in the town square looking up .
A man falling off his surfboard on the top of a wave .
A man is tumbling into the water having fallen off a surfboard .
A person is falling off their surfboard .
A person performing watersports gets seperated from his apparatus .
A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .
a girl with a blue shirt looking scared with two other children behind her.
A group of children stand outside in front of two large tires .
three children gather around a red float .
Three children stand in front of two large tires .
Three kids stand around a red apparatus on two tires .
A boy in a blue dress shirt dances in a courtyard .
A child wearing a blue shirt is walking on the street holding up two fingers .
A small boy wearing a long sleeved shirt and slacks is walking outdoors .
A young boy walks down a sidewalk .
A young boy dressed in a suite concentrates on his footwork with a peace sign in the air .
One bicyclist runs alongside her bike , while another rides up behind .
One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them .
The bike rider runs with his red bike while another gains on him , both wearing green outfits and black helmets .
Two biker in black-green , first is pushing her bike , the second is riding hers .
Two people with bicycles , one in front running with a bike and one in back riding .
two motorcyclists riding tandom on a biek down the street .
Two people are on a black motorcycle driving very fast .
Two people on a motorcycle .
Two people ride together on a motorcycle.
Two people riding a motorcycle .
A group of people are rowing a boat in a contest .
A rowing team races forward in competition with the motivation of their leader in front of the boat .
Boat number 5 has several men with life jackets paddling the water .
People in orange vests are rowing with great effort .
Several people are rowing a boat while being cheered on by a person with a drum.
men wearing hats and coats are walking together.
a group of old men walking down the street.
A group of seven men walking and standing on a concrete surface .
A group of walking men .
Seven older gentlemen walking together in a group outside .
A lady stands outside of a Mexican market .
An Indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .
A woman in Mexico does needlepoint while tending a store .
A woman is shopping in an outdoor marketplace .
There is an open ' Abarrotes Mexico ' store with a man standing in front of it .
A boy carries a box across a bridge .
A boy carrying an open box crosses a bridge over a road .
A boy on the street holds a box .
A young child wearing a Pokemon shirt and holding a box outside in an urban area .
a young man wearing a red Pokemon shirt carrying a small red box.
A group of people rowing in a boat near a city .
A team of rowers propel their boat forward with their paddles in the water .
Five people are paddling a kayak in the ocean with the city behind them .
people row in a crew boat .
Very blue water with skyscraper buildings on the shore and a group of people in a canoes with paddles .
A skateboarder is doing a trick at the top of a ramp while another person watches .
A skateboarder is doing a trick off of a ramp while a guy looks on .
A skateboarder is in midair in the middle of a trick .
A teenage boy does a skateboard trick on a half pipe while another boy watches from the top .
Young man doing a trick jump on a skateboard .
A man surfing a wave .
A surfer in a wetsuite jumps waves .
a surfer is riding his board over a wave .
A surfer on a white board catches a wave .
The man turns with the wave on his surfboard .
a black and white dog is jumping fences in a dog show .
A black and white dog jumping over a steeple vault at a competition.
A black and white dog performs a jump with his owner looking on .
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course.
A dog leaping over a hurdle .
A black dog looks into a pool of water .
A black dog sniffing the ground near a body of water .
A black dog with a red collar sniffs the ground .
The dog is looking at the water .
This hound is searching the water for his prey .
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice , injured .
The two hockey players are down on the ice .
Two hockey players fall on the ice .
Two hockey players fall to the ground in a game .
Two hockey players slide into each other on the ice.
A man in black is sitting in a restaurant .
A man sits at a table .
A man wearing a black shirt laughs while sitting at the table .
A smiling man leaning back from a table with an ashtray on top .
The man sitting at the table is posing for a picture .
A child in a blue uniform kicks a soccer ball .
A girl 's red shoe sole is shown as the soccer ball flies through the air .
A young girl is kicking a soccer ball in the grass .
Blond girl in blue clothes playing soccer .
the girl in blue kicks the soccer ball .
a black dog is following a brown dog that is carrying a brown plate through a grassy field .
A black dog following a tan dog fetching a large shallow bowl .
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee like object in its mouth.
A dog runs with a large plate in its mouth .
Two dogs , one carrying a large dish in its mouth .
A cricket batsman has been bowled out middle stump .
A cricket player swings his bat , but misses .
A man is standing in front of some red sticks trying to hit a ball .
A man is swinging a paddle at a unique ball game .
A player hits the ball at a cricket game .
Four children are each making a gymnastic bridge on their hands and feet .
four children are outside in a line all in a crab position .
Four children do backbends in the park .
Four girls do backbends while playing outdoors .
Four kids doing backstand in a yard covered with dry leaves .
A cyclist is riding along a white line in a busy city center .
A girl is riding a bike and everyone is rushing by her in the city .
A stop action picture of a woman on a bicycle.
Pedestrians and bikers crossing a busy street.
The city at night .
A man windsurfs , putting his off hand into the water .
A person leaning over while windsurfing .
A shirtless man is leaning back while parasailing .
A windsurfer skims the water with his outstretched hand .
a young man parasailing in the ocean .
A man does a motorcycle trick on a racetrack while many people watch .
A man does a wheelie on a motorcycle while a crowd watches .
A man is pulling a wheelie on a motorcycle whilst being watched by a group of people .
A motorcycle popping a wheelie in front of a group of people .
A motorcyclist is about to fall over .
A basketball player in a white uniform is making a jump shot against a team wearing black uniforms .
A basketball player takes a shot .
A man wearing a white uniform is trying to make a shot but the two men in black are trying to block him .
Basketball players leap for the ball while the crowd watches .
Basketball player in white uniform leaping to make a shot while being blocked by player in black .
A girl dressed in purple and blue walks beside her bike at night .
A girl in vibrant colors is walking her bike in a dark area .
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns .
A woman walks a bicycle between some columns .
A woman with a purple top and blue pants walks her bike in the shadows .
A black and white dog jumps in a pool filled with tennis balls .
A black and white dog swimming in the pool.
A black and white dog swims and plays with tennis balls in the pool .
A black and white dog swims for tennis balls .
There is a black and white dog in a sparking blue pool .
A girl in a pink striped shirt is in front of an armoire .
A girl in a pink striped shirt poses for the camera .
A girl wearing a pink striped shirt throws her arms into the air .
A young girl wearing a pink and orange stripped shirt extends her arms forward and appears to be happy .
The girl wearing the pink striped shirt is standing in the doorway with her arm outstretched .
Dogs racing around a track.
Dogs racing in a professional dog race.
Dogs racing on a track.
Five dogs are on a track racing each other .
Six dogs are competing in a race .
a cheerleading squad performing in front of an audience.
Cheerleaders are performing in a gym.
The two men throw the cheerleader in the air .
Two male cheerleaders are catching a girl cheerleader in the air .
Two men throw a cheerleader into the air and then catch her .
A dog runs through a field .
A light colored dog leaps in a field .
A white dog is running across a grassy field .
A white dog runs through a field .
Small dog running in the field .
A black and brown dog is walking in the water and looking at the camera .
A black dog with brown on his face is swimming .
a brown and black dog swimming in a river.
A large dog looks up as he swims .
Dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera .
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach .
A man and 4 dogs playing on the beach .
A man is standing at the shoreline on the beach with 4 dogs .
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach .
Man watching four dogs play on the beach.
Two football players are preparing for the next play .
Two football players in hike formation .
Two football players preparing to hike a football .
Two people wearing blue , red , and white football uniforms crouched over as though in play .
Two players in red white and blue football uniforms squat down on the field .
men in drak outfits around a campfire.
The men are sitting around a fire .
Three men are sitting around a bonfire at night with a table of drinks beside them .
Three men sitting around a fire in front of a cabin .
Three older men are sitting around a campfire at night .
A snowboarder is in the air after making a jump near some trees .
A snowboarder is jumping over a snow slope .
A snowboarder makes a jump against a wooded background .
A snowboarder performs a jump in the snow .
Snowboarder does stunt on his board in the snow .
A boy in a helmet jumps from a makeshift jungle-gym made of tires .
A boy jumping off of old tires.
A child in a brown outfit jumping from some painted tires in front of trees at dusk .
A child with a helmet jumps over a pile of old tires .
A little boy is jumping off a mound of tires in the woods .
A person rides the waves on a surfboard .
A person surfing .
A surfer is riding a wave .
A surfer riding a large wave.
A surfer riding a surfboard in rough seas .
A boy on a bicycle rides with his little brother in a child 's seat , which is tipping .
A boy rides down the street with a younger boy behind him on the same bike .
Two boys with backpacks ride bikes through a puddle on the road .
Two people riding a bike are riding towards a stop sign .
two young children riding on a bike down a dirt road through a puddle .
A player from the white and green highschool team dribbles down court defended by a player from the other team .
Four basketball players in action .
Four men playing basketball , two from each team .
Two boys in green and white uniforms play basketball with two boys in blue and white uniforms .
Young men playing basketball in a competition .
Two children are diving side by side into a river .
Two children jumping into a body of water .
Two people dive headfirst into the water .
Two people diving into a body of water .
Two young boys diving headfirst into water with small waves on it .
A woman is dressed in a costume with a huge feather in her hat .
A woman is wearing a velvet burgundy hat with a large peach feather .
A woman with a feather on her hat .
a young woman wearing a purple hat with a pink feather in it.
The woman is wearing a red hat that is decorated with a huge orange feather .
A man and a woman are kissing in a crowded street .
A man and woman kiss in the street .
Couple kissing in the middle of a street .
Man and woman kissing on a public street .
Two people are kissing with old buildings on either side of them and people walking up in the background .
A black man sitting next to a tree in a rural area .
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree .
A man in a red shirt sitting on a plastic stool in a shaded sandy area .
A man sits on a blue bench and leans against a wood pole .
A man sitting and leaning against a pole holding a small animal .
A group of children in uniforms stand outside .
A yellow dog stands in a road surrounded by children in blue shirts .
Children in uniforms stand in the road with a dog .
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road .
Several young girls stand in a rural road .
A closeup of an older man with glasses speaking .
A man wearing a blue shirt and glasses .
A man with black-rimmed glasses and a mustache is talking .
A man with glasses and a mustache is in the middle of a sentence .
An older man with glasses is looking off camera .
A man performs a trick on a surfboard in the water .
A surfer in a yellow shirt riding a wave on a white surfboard.
a surfer on a white surfboard wearing a yellow shirt with one arm in the air .
a surfer rides the wave .
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a white surfboard .
a man wears a red bandanna.
A man with a head covering .
An man wearing an Arab scarf , with another man in the background .
A white man in a turban .
Man with facial hair wearing red and white Palestinian style headscarf .
A crowd is standing around a building with three flags in front of it .
A group of people are in front of a building with flags .
Groups of people relax outside a building .
People are standing by the flag poles outside a glass building .
Shows a crowd of people in front of a glass building with three country flags flying high .
A dog digging in the sand .
A dog is digging a hole in the sand .
A dog 's paws and face are covered in sand .
A dog with its tongue out sits over a hole in the sand .
The German Shepherd is digging a large hole in the sand .
A boy kicks through a pile of leaves .
A boy with blue shirt kicking off dead leaves from a pile of leaves .
A kid in a blue top leaps into a raked pile of leaves in front of trees .
A little boy in blue is running through a pile of brown leaves .
A young boy standing with a raised leg in a large pile of leaves .
A boy on a skateboard is at the top of a ramp .
A person in a plaid shirt riding a skateboard on a half-pipe .
A skateboarder on a ramp .
Person in plaid shirt make a jump on a skateboard on a ramp .
The boy safely skates up the ramp before descending again .
Two black , brown and white dogs run along the countryside with white sheep in the background .
Two black dogs run in a grass field with two white sheep in the background .
two dogs are walking through a sheep field .
Two dogs run in a field herding sheep .
Two dogs running across a green field with two white animals in the background .
A black and tan dog jumping in the air in a grassy area in front of a fence .
A dog running with something in his mouth in the grass .
Black and tan dog with all paws off ground and yellow object in mouth .
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard .
The dog by the fence is running on the grass .
A girl is standing on logs and taking a picture .
A girl stands on two logs as she photographs the field .
A girl stands on two thin logs and photographs buffalo across a river .
A young woman stands on a tree branch over a river taking a picture of buffalo .
Woman stands on fallen trees near winding river taking photographs of animals .
A bicycle racer runs up a ramp with his bike .
A biker is running with his bike in his hands up a ramp .
A man carrying a bicycle .
a man runs with his bike .
Man sits on bike in air .
an african man in blue jeans is holding the hands of two boys that are eating ice creams .
Man holds the hand of two children .
The man is holding the hands of two boys .
Two boys eating ice cream are holding the hands of an adult .
Two young boys hold a man 's hands .
A man grips the underhang of a rock .
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera .
a man is climbing a cliff with his feet on a brown metal plate.
A man wearing a white shirt and jeans attempts to climb a rock .
The man in the white t-shirt is starting to climb a rock .
A man in a black and red jacket and helmet does a stunt on a motorbike .
A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt.
A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot .
Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle .
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle .
There are two small girls smiling in a hallway.
Two little girls in a hallway , a woman standing in the background .
Two sisters race through the hallways in the house .
Two small girls running down a hallway .
Two young girls at play in a home .
A young boy and girl are playing in a tunnel .
Small children play inside a small yellow and blue tube .
Two children sit inside a blue and yellow tunnel .
two girls play in a tunnel .
Two little kids playing in a colapsable fabric tunnel .
A little girl hugs another little girl .
A young child is being held by another child looking straight at us .
Two toddlers posing for the camera .
Two young children holding each other and posing .
Two young girls hug .
A woman in a red sweater and a girl is in front of a girl in a green hoodie & a girl with a brown jacket and pink purse .
A woman in a red sweater walks by two younger women talking near a busy street .
A woman in a red sweater walks past two younger women who are chatting .
Three asian women , two young , one old , on an urban sidewalk .
two Asian women are talking behind an older woman who is wearing a red sweater .
A man in a red jacket is holding a piece of paper while posing .
An Asian guy giving thumbs up with his eyes closed and tongue out .
An Asian teenager in a red jacket has his thumb up and his tongue sticking out .
Asian man giving thumbs up on street .
Man in red jacket giving a thumbs-up with one hand a holding ticket in other .
A boy is whispering to a girl wearing a red and white hat and scarf .
One person is whispering to another .
The boy is whispering in the girls ear .
The child in the red and white hat is listening to the child with the brown hair and green jacket .
Two children standing very close .
Two Japanese girls are wearing traditional dress .
Two Japanese ladies with colorful kimonos on them .
Two women dressed as geishas .
Two women dressed in brightly colored traditional asian clothes stand at the top of steps .
Two women in elaborate Japanese costumes .
A child covers their mouth as they whisper to a friend .
A child in green winter clothes is holding his or her hand up while two other children look at him or her .
Three children , dressed in heavy coats , gloves , and knit caps , cover their mouths .
Two children stand and whisper to each other as another looks on .
two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .
A biker does a trick on a ramp .
a bike rider jumping into the air over a wooden ramp .
A boy performs a high-flying trick with his bicycle on a prepared course .
A man jumps high in the air above a wooden ramp with a bicycle .
A person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp .
A man is on top of a cliff overlooking a forest and lake .
A man on a cliff .
A man stands on a mountain overlooking trees and a lake .
A man stands on a mountaintop looking over dry forests and lakes .
The man has a blue shirt on and is standing in front of some snowy mountains .
A brown dog is on the ground growling .
A dog grinning at the camera .
A dog is laying on his side on a sidewalk with his mouth open and showing his teeth .
A dog shows his teeth while playing with another dog .
There are two golden retrievers in this picture , but only one is visible and it appears to be smiling .
a brown and white dog has is mouth open ready to catch a green ball .
A brown and white dog on a road with its mouth open near a tennis ball.
A small dog catches a green tennis ball in its mouth .
A yellow and white dog is catching a tennis ball on a street .
Gold and white dog catching a tennis ball in its mouth .
A man in a white shirt and tie sings into a microphone while a woman wearing a white shirt and tie plays the guitar at a concert .
A singer and guitarist performing .
A singer in a white button-down shirt is performing while a girl plays the guitar in the back .
a singer singing on stange with a guitar player in the background .
The man with short hair has a microphone in his hand and the other man is playing guitar .
A boy is pushing a sledge through the snow at night .
A boy with a red hat pushing a snowploe through the snow.
A small child wearing a red winter cap and a blue and black snowsuit pushing a plow through snow .
A young child plows snow manually .
Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snow .
A tan dog is running on pavement with a white dog running on grass beside it .
Two dogs , one white and one brown , run alongside each other near a grassy field .
Two dogs run down the road .
two tan dogs running along a concrete path together .
Two yellow dogs are running side by side down a road .
Motorcyclists near the beach .
There are two motorcycles with a man and a woman on it .
Two guys with helmets are on motorcycles , each with a woman riding behind him.
Two motorcycles and four riders are on the road .
Two motorcycles with two riders each .
A dog plays on the beach .
A white dog is running around a tumbleweed on a sand dune .
A white dog walks across the sandy ground with a tumbleweed .
A white poodle circles a sparkler embedded in sand .
poodle playing on a beach.
A man and a woman read a book while their friend has a drink .
A woman holds a drink while a man and a woman examine a book .
A woman holding a red cup with a straw in it sits in front of a man and a woman looking at a book .
Three people are gathered for a picture .
Two women and a man are looking at a book .
A bearded man and a woman in a dress holding a cup .
A man and a woman are standing next to each other and the woman has a drink in her hand .
A man and woman against a pink background smile .
A man stands beside a woman holding a red cup with a straw .
A woman and man are posing for a picture against a pink wall .
A brunette and blonde girl are smiling .
The two women are smiling at the camera .
Two brunettes with brown eyes are looking into the camera .
Two girls looking into camera and smiling.
Two women with long hair posing for a picture.
A man and a woman looking at the camera .
a man and a woman posing for a picture .
A man and a woman smile for the camera .
A man puts his arm around a girl holding a blue cup .
A woman holding a blue cup and a man with facial hair pose close to one another .
Five people are sitting in a bar , while a tv plays nearby .
Older men at bar drinking alcohol.
Three men drink at a reflective bar .
Three men stand at a bar with drinks .
Three men stand in a bar with a purple counter .
A man at a casino hugging two colorfully dressed show girls .
A man in a white suit is standing with two women .
A man stands in the middle of two woman dressed in brightly colored costumes .
A white suited man stands between two showgirls in a casino foyer .
Two women in very colorful costumes stand next to a man dressed in all white .
A climber hangs from a rock face while another watches .
a free climber is hanging from a rock whilst being watched by a man in a green t-shirt .
A man is holding onto the underside of an outcropping while rock climbing .
A young man climbs the bottom surface of a rock .
The man wearing a brown shirt clings to a rock .
a lone surfer diving into a large wave.
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on blue water .
A man on surfboard dives over a large wave .
A surfer in a full body wetsuit in the ocean with a white surfboard .
A surfer in a wetsuit crests a wave .
A man in a red helmet holds a bullhorn .
A man next to a woman holding a megaphone .
A person holds a blow horn while wearing a helmet .
Two men are wearing helmets , while one of them holds a bullhorn .
Two people wearing handkerchiefs over their faces , one with a blow horn.
a dog stands in the white snow .
a tan dog walking around in the snow.
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow .
The dog is in the snow in front of some trees .
The white dog trotted in the snow .
A bird eating .
A small , pale bird bends down to examine a crumb .
A small white bird looks at a small object .
A tan bird stands on a ledge about to eat something .
The bird leans over to a small piece of food .
A group of women are performing onstage .
People in a dance.
Some women in white perform on a stage .
Women participate in a skit onstage .
Women who look alike are performing on a stage .
A man in a blue shirt passes under the Samsung arch .
A man in a blue shirt runs under a blue road marker in a race .
A runner in a blue shirt and blue shorts participates in a race .
A runner jogging on a city street past a SAMSUNG advertisement banner .
Man running down a street in a marathon .
A surfer does a flip on a wave .
A surfer is 90 degrees to the water.
A surfer is flipping up in the air on a surfboard .
a surfer jumps out of the water .
The surfer does a flip off of a wave .
a lone surfboarder jumping a wave on a white surfboard .
A man flies into the air with his surfboard .
A person in a wetsuit is in midair while surfing .
A surfer is in the air above the ocean .
A surfer performs a trick .
A blond hair boy holding a toy airplane is in front of what looks like a colorful toy monster .
A boy standing in front of a multi-colored statue .
A child admires an exhibit or store window .
A child near a blue stage with a colorful creature on it .
Boy wearing a gray sweatshirt playing with a toy airplane .
The dogs are running in the water .
Three dogs are running through the water .
Three dogs running in the water .
Three dogs run through shallow water .
Three dogs , two brown and one black , run in the surf .
A big brown dog plays with a small white dog near a ball .
A brown dog is jumping on top of a smaller white dog and there is a colorful ball on the floor .
A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet .
The fat brown dog is standing over the little white dog .
two dogs play together .
There are three people in jeans and shirts standing outside with spray cans .
Three children 's legs are shown as they stand near a mess of silly string .
Three kids play with silly string .
Three people standing near a door , with silly string cans .
You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere.
A girl in a bikini swimming in a body of water .
A girl swims in the blue-green waters .
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters .
The girl is swimming in sparkling greenish blue water .
The girl is swimming is a blue-green ocean .
A dog runs across a barren ground casting a large shadow .
a small dog jumping along the sand.
A small white dog runs across the sand .
Brown and white dog runs towards camera , casting long shadow on dirt .
Dog running across sand .
many people look over the side of a bridge .
Many people standing on a bridge over murky water .
Many people stand on an overpass looking over .
People are watching as a blue car is hanging over a bridge that crosses a river .
Several people are leaning over the side of a bridge looking down into the water .
A man in blue shorts stands on a surfboard in shallow water .
A man on a beach , with his foot on a boogie board .
A man standing on the shore .
A man wearing a blue bathing suit stands on a red surfboard at the beach .
A young man with a Mohawk style haircut and surfer shorts stands on a boogie board at the beach .
a group of Indian people talking to each other.
an indian man in a white costume is talking to three women in colorful saris .
A scene at an Indian wedding .
Several people dressed in Indian clothing are talking to each other .
The indian couple mingle at the party .
A group of people at a distance on a beach .
A man , woman , and two girls walk on the beach barefoot .
Four people are walking on a beach .
People walking in the water along the beach .
This family is walking on the beach .
Athletes on numbered horses congregate in a field .
Horses being ridden over green grass and jumping an obstacle .
Horses jumping a hurdle in a race .
Jockeys are racing their horses on the green field .
Seven jockeys riding horses in a race .
A man in dark shorts is windsurfing on a clear day .
A man is riding a red windsurfer .
A man wakeboards in the water .
a windsurfer is making a big splash in the ocean whilst riding a red windsurf .
A windsurfer kicks up spray .
A crowd of people , some of which are wearing surgical masks .
A group of people are looking angry and several have on face masks .
A group of people gather and some are wearing white masks over their mouths .
Five people staring in the same direction , two of whom are wearing face masks .
People wearing black , some with face masks , are singing .
A couple in old clothing at an outdoor table .
A couple in old fashioned clothes sitting at a table outside.
A man and a woman sit by a small table in colonial clothing .
A man and woman dressed in old fashion clothing sit outside at a table .
A man in a suit and top hat and a woman in a blue Victorian dress sitting outside at a table .
A camera man is behind his video camera and surrounded by a hudge crowd .
A man is operating a television camera high up in a crowded stadium .
A man is videotaping something .
Camera man in populated building taping an event .
The man in the black shirt is pointing his camera at the arena .
A black dog is shaking off water .
A black dog shaking off water.
A dog is shaking the water from its fur creating a spray and mist .
A wet black dog shakes itself off .
A wet dog is shaking off water .
A man and a woman in extravagent winter costumes .
Man and woman wear fur coats while walking down brick road .
Thw people are dressed up in large festive outfits on the street .
Two people wearing elaborate attire in a street .
Two people wearing period , winter clothing .
A girl jumping over a red punch bag .
A girl jumps against a punching bag in a field .
A little girl pounces a punching bag on a football field .
Barefoot girl in a pink shirt tackles the football equipment on the field .
The long haired child in the pink sweater is jumping up at a punch bag .
a dog runs across the leaf covered ground .
A dog with a collar and tag runs with its tongue out on a path .
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves .
A yellow lab trotting through grass and fallen leaves .
The tan dog runs through the leaves .
a mountain biker is riding on a marked out competition trail in the woods .
A person wearing red rides a bicycle over a dirt path .
A woman rides a bike on a dirt path .
Bicyclist riding on a dirt race course .
Mountain bike riders on a dirt trail .
A dog with a Frisbee in its mouth is running through snow .
A dog with a Frisbee in the snow .
An orange dog fetching a Frisbee in the snow .
Brown and black dog with yellow object in mouth in the snow .
The dog retrieves the Frisbee is the snow .
A crowd of people .
A crowd of people are lining up outside a stadium .
A large crowd of people are waiting in a line in the dark .
A large crowd of people wait in line to get into a football game .
Large group of people lining up for an event , outdoors at night .
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer .
A man dresses as a prisoner and a woman dressed as a cop on a sidewalk .
An attractive police lady and a jailbird pose for a photo .
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer .
There is a woman in a sexy cop 's uniform and a guy dressed as a prisoner , standing outdoors .
A lady in blue jeans and a brown jacket is walking down a city street .
A lady in winter wear carrying a purse walks down the sidewalk .
A woman in a coat is walking down a sidewalk near Chrismas lights .
a woman photographed from behind as she 's walking down a sidewalk.
Person walking down the street in the city .
a man photographs a woman .
A photographer is takeing a picture of a bird mobile .
A woman holds something for a professional photograph while the photographer takes the shot .
One person is assisting another inside a photo session involving wind chimes .
Two people are setting up a photo shoot of a mobile in a white room .
A brown dog is biting a green object .
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in its mouth .
A dog has its mouth wide open trying to bite something .
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash .
A short-haired brown dog is snapping at a long green strip .
A man in a white shirt and a man in a black shirt in a hallway .
A man in black and one in white posing indoors .
Two guys act silly and pose for a photo .
Two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture .
Two smiling young men look at the camera .
A man in a black jacket walks thorugh an Asian market .
A man walking down a street with Asian shops .
A man walking on the sidewalk past storefronts .
A man walks in a street.
A man walks on the sidewalk by a sign .
A child ballerina puts on make-up backstage in a mirror .
A little girl wearing a blue dress stands in front of the mirror to do her makeup .
A young girl in a blue dress applies makeup in a mirror .
The little girl with the tiara is putting on eyeshadow in front of a mirror .
Young girl in blue dress and tiara applying makeup in the mirror .
A dog runs holding a yellow dog toy in fall , bench in the background .
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth .
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth .
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth .
The tan colored dog has a yellow toy in its mouth .
A man in a bright pink shirt shakes the hand of a bearded man in a saffron shirt .
A man in a pink shirt stands next to a man in orange .
Three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats .
Three smiling men in brightly-colored shirts .
Two men shaking hands and smiling at the camera , while a third man stands behind them .
African kids stare throughwindow.
Children are staring out the window of a blue building with red shutters .
Four children in colorful Indian clothes are looking through red shutters on a blue building .
Four children looking out a window .
Several children are standing in a house looking out the window .
A man wearing glasses and black clothing is sitting while a man in a vest drinks in the background .
A man with glasses wearing all black sits on grass surrounded by other people .
A salt-and-pepper-haired man with beard and glasses wearing black sits on the grass .
Closeup of a man at an event with formal attire .
The man is dressed in black and smiling while another man is drinking and an elderly woman is standing near a fence .
Two guys are rowing a canoe on a lake .
Two men in two canoes are sitting in a lake .
Two men on canoes on a lake .
Two men rowing in canoes .
two people in canoes ride through the water .
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor .
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor .
A large group of people line dancing in a dim room .
Several women dancing .
Two women among a group of people in a bow-like stance .
A man and two youngsters are standing in front of a Japanese vending machine .
Family purchasing standing at a vending machine .
Three people stand and face video machines .
Three people stand near a couple of machines , one labeled Sharp .
Two kids and a man play games at an arcade .
A group of Indian men are just standing around with their arms crossed .
A group of men stand outside .
Four men from another country look at the camera .
Men wearing hats stand with arms folded .
Several men wearing ethnic hats are watching the photographer in an outdoor market .
A woman and child hug near a road .
Two females are in an embrace on the street aside a beach .
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods .
Two young women are embracing at the side of a road and looking at an mp3 player .
Two young women are hugging each other and leaning on a stone wall at the beach .
A surfer in a black surfing suit in motion .
Guy in black and blue wetsuit surfing.
It looks like the surfer is riding a big wave .
One man in a wetsuit surfing a wave .
Surfer in wetsuit riding before a wave.
The sheepdogs are running in the pasture .
Two dogs are running on some grass .
Two dogs are running together outside .
Two dogs with multiple colors are running through the grass .
Two speckled dogs running on a grassy field .
