A bride , a groom , 3 guys , and 3 women .
A bride and groom are the center of this picture , with three bridesmaids in red dresses to the left and groomsmen to the right .
A couple taking a wedding photo with their wedding party .
A formal wedding party poses smiling for a wedding photo in a church .
The wedding party is posing for a picture in front of the church alter .
A guy skateboarding .
a skateboarder jumps into the air .
A skateboarder performs a stunt .
A young man is jumping in the air with his skateboard .
Skateboard rider jumping high in the air on skateboard .
A main in a black and white shirt is skiing with red flags to the right .
A skier is in the snow next to a red flag .
A skier slaloms by a red flag .
A slalom skier wearing red pants and black shirt is skiing past a red flag .
Person skiing on white snow near a red flag .
A man in a blue jacket with a helmet on skiing .
A person skiing down a hill .
A skier is coming down a hill .
A skier wearing a blue jacket and helmet is skiing down a hill .
A skier going goes down the mountain .
Two men at the beach twirl sticks with fire at the ends .
Two men carry long objects on the sand .
Two people are twirling fire sticks whilst standing on the sand .
Two people juggle fire sticks in the mud .
Two people stand out on the beach and hold long sticks that have flames on each end .
A man draws characters with his feel on the street .
a man paints chinese characters .
A person drawing Chinese characters with his feet .
A person paints Asian characters on a banner .
A person using a brush to paint chinese characters on a vertical banner .
A child playing in snow .
A little girl sitting in the snow.
A small girl sits in the snow with a pink nose .
A toddler in heavy clothing sitting in the snow .
A young girl is sitting in the snow with a pink fur hood on her head .
A group of young people smile for the camera .
Several people are hugging each other inside a bar .
some people at a part gather to take a picture.
Two guys pose with two women , everyone is wearing black and white .
Two women of African descent , a dark skinned man and western man in a white shirt posing for a photograph .
A crane lifts into the air above the water .
A long necked white bird is floating above the water .
A white bird is flying over the surface of the water .
A white crane landing in the water .
White , long-necked bird with yellow legs flies over water .
A boy and girl are jumping rope together while another girl is holding the rope and turning .
Three children playing jump rope in the grass among the trees .
Three people playing jump rope in a field .
Three school-aged children in uniforms jumping rope.
Two people are jumping rope outside .
people stand side by side shooting off Roman Candles.
People in a line holding lit roman candles .
People play with pyrotechnics .
Several men holding flares .
Some young men and women shoot fireworks out of their hands .
a brown and white dog standing on the street wearing a hat , shirt and jeans .
A dog is dressed in a shirt and pants on the side of the road .
A dog is wearing jeans and a blue and yellow shirt with a black vehicle in the background .
A dog wearing jeans and a shirt stands on the sidewalk .
a dog wears jeans .
A boy jumps in a gymnastic competition .
A male gymnast upside down in midair .
A track athlete does a pole vault .
A young man is running and performing a trick over a balance beam .
The gymnast does a flip over the bar .
A bride getting ready with her bridesmaids wearing red .
Bride wearing her wedding dress receives help by her bridesmaids wearing red dresses .
Family preparing for the wedding .
The woman getting married has a beautiful gown on while her bride 's maids are wearing red dresses .
Three bridesmaids in red and an older woman in beige are adjusting the bride 's white dress .
A man in a yellow shirt surfing .
A surfer in a yellow shirt is riding a wave that is reflecting sunlight .
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
Surfer surfs ahead of a crashing wave.
The man is riding a large wave on a surfboard .
A bridal party surrounding a bride sitting on a couch .
A bride is sitting on a tan couch .
A bride seated on a sofa , with her bridal party and family surrounding her .
old picture of wedding .
The brides side of a wedding party .
A man and a woman on a ski lift .
Two people are riding on a ski lift.
Two skiers getting ready to jump off of a ski lift .
two skiers look down from the ski lift .
Two skiers , one in pink and one in black , ride on a ski lift .
A man stands atop a mountain with arms extended .
A person on top of a mountain with arms over head .
A person stands at the top of a mountain and raises his arms .
Man on top of a mountain with his arms in the air .
The man is standing on the rocks above the river with his arms in the air .
A man is surfing a big wave on a white surfboard .
A man surfing a crashing wave .
A man surfs over a huge wave in the ocean .
An african american man is jumping off a surfboard in a crashing wave in the ocean .
A surfer is falling of his surfboard in the middle of a crashing wave .
A brown horse with a rider on its back jumps a barrier .
A horse jumps a fence in a show jumping competeition .
A horse leaps a hurdle with a rider on its back .
An equestrian on a horse makes a jump .
Horse and rider leap over a barrier.
A bride is being helped to put on her shoes.
A bridesmaid wearing a red dress is putting the bride 's shoe on her foot .
A lady holds a bride 's shoe in her hand .
A Woman is about to put a shoe on the bride .
Woman in red kneels to help sitting bride put on her shoe .
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole .
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice .
A person stands in a vast field of melting snow .
A person stands on the peaks of snow and ice .
The person is standing on white ice .
A brown dog jumps over the dead plants in a snowy field .
A brown dog leaps through the snow in a field .
A dog is jumping through the snow over some weeds .
A dog running through the snow .
A German shepherd is running through the snow .
A man jumps high on his yellow skateboard over the concrete tile .
A skateboarder gets airtime .
A skateboarder jumping with his skateboard.
Boy jumping in the air with a skateboard .
Skateboarder in black with yellow skateboard in midair .
A man affectionately kissing a woman along a path.
A man and woman kiss as they stand along a gravel path .
A man dramatically kissing a woman on a path .
A man romantically kissing a woman on a park path .
The couple have a romantic moment on their walk .
A girl smokes a cigarette outside in the city .
A woman in a blue jacket is getting a cigarette outside .
A woman in a dark blue coat , cigarette in hand .
A woman smoking a cigarette outside in the snow .
The woman is walking through the snow and trying to light a cigarette .
A crowd shouting outside a building waving American flags .
A group of ladies in the cold cheer with American flags .
People are gathered outside a building and yelling.
People standing outside a building yell .
People with american flags gathered on the street .
A girl in a red jacket , surrounded by people .
A woman in a puffy red jacket poses for a picture at an ice skating rink .
A woman in a red coat is smiling , while people in the background are walking around in winter clothing .
A woman wearing a red coat smiles down at the camera .
The woman in a red jacket is smiling at the camera .
A group of men , women and children .
A group of people pose for a picture .
A group of people pose for the camera in front of some laundry and greenery .
Several people lean together for a photograph .
There is a family sitting outside in the shade .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing.
A man surfing in a wave.
a surfer is riding a wave through green colored ocean water .
A surfer rides a big wave across dark green water .
The surfer is coming in from riding a big wave .
a lone snowboarder jumping in the air doing a trick .
A man in black is taking a jump on a snowboard .
A person riding a snowboard jumps high over the snowy hill .
A person with a yellow and black striped snowboard jumps on the snowy hill .
a snowboarder jumps off the snow jump .
A man hands a child to another man as they exit a boat.
A man in a blue jacket lifts a child dressed in red out boat crowded with people.
A man standing on a boat full of people hands a child over to a man that is not on the boat .
One man passes a child to another man from the boat to shore .
The men are passing a child to each other over the side of the boat .
A small dog leaps across a brown pillow .
a small white and black dog jumping over a big brown couch .
A small white dog with brown on his face and back is jumping over a cushion .
A white dog with black spots jumps in midair .
White dog high jumping over some pillows .
A black dog jumps in the snow .
A black dog jumps to catch a Frisbee in the snow .
Black dog in snow leaps for red object at upper edge of frame .
One black dog is jumping off the snow filled ground .
The black dog jumps out of the snow to catch an object .
A man boating along a river near the shore .
A man paddling a kayak along the shore of a river .
A person is riding in a canoe on a lake next to green trees .
A person is wading through a river near an eroded embankment .
A single person rowing a small boat on a lake .
A dark street scene shows a neon lights and a group of people dining while another group walks .
People inside a shop at night while other people walk around outside .
People sit in a lit alcove off a dark street .
Some people in building as seen from the street at night .
There are some people in a restaurant and two men walking by them.
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track .
A long view of a curving railroad track with a group of people off in the distance .
Looking along a railroad track at people in the distance .
People are walking away from the camera , along railroad tracks .
People near railroad tracks in the woods .
People in a car showroom floor .
Some teenagers watch a screen near some Mini Coopers .
The people are standing around at the auto show .
Two boys looking at display .
Two people watch TV from over a white ledge .
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right .
A guy grinds a windowsill near an old windmill.
A guy is grinding on a window ledge in a city .
A person in black is coming out of a window of a tan and red building .
A person skateboarding near a windmill .
A bicyclist becomes airborne among dirt hills at night .
A man jumps his dirt bike at night .
A motocross rider at night high in the air above the dirt .
Someone is performing an aerial skateboard trick at night .
The rider is jumping his BMX bike .
A boy inside a shopping cart .
A boy sits inside a shopping cart .
A child plays inside a shopping cart that has been stacked with others to create a cage .
a young boy tapped in a shopping cart .
A young boy trapped in a shopping cart .
A group of climbers in silhouette stare towards the sun over the mountaintops .
A group of hikers looks at the tops of mountains .
a group of people standing on a hill with the sun in the distance .
Eight people are standing on a hill above the clouds .
Several people are standing on a ledge overlooking snowy mountains .
A crowd of people in front of a memorial in Washington DC .
A crowd of people views newspaper covers in Washington DC.
A group dressed in wintery attire of people on a sidewalk in Washington DC.
Large group of people standing outside of a building .
Lots of people gathering in a line .
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow .
A dog wearing a green sweater and backpack running in the snow.
A dog wearing a green sweater and fanny pack walks on a snow-covered field .
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .
A small dog wearing a sweater walking in the snow .
A crowd holds American flags .
A large crowd is standing with many American flags .
lots of people hold american flags .
People waving American flags while in winter clothes .
The bundled-up crowd is waving many American flags .
a boy in a field.
A boy in brown is running on a dirt road .
A child walking down a gravel path .
a toddler in a brown sweater is running along a path next to the grass .
A toddler walks along a dirt road .
A huge wave crashes over a man on a surfboard .
A person crouched in the middle of a large wave in the ocean .
A person surfs on a wave as water towers above him .
A surfer catching a wave .
Surfer is in the middle of a huge wave .
A child in a red hat and scarf walking down a snow covered street .
A child in winter clothes is walking along the street .
A child running on a street in snow .
A little kid plays in the snow in a brown jacket and red beanie .
a young child wearing a red hat and scarf playing in the street in a little snow .
A brown and black dog fetching a blue toy .
A dog carrying something blue and running .
A dog running with a blue toy in its mouth .
A dog runs towards the camera with a blue ball in his mouth .
A young German Shepherd runs with a toy in his mouth .
A group of Asian children are part of an audience sitting on blue benches .
Four kids turn around to be photographed .
Little girls ignoring the current adult procession going on.
Some children turned backwards while in the audience .
Three young girls posing for a picture in an outdoor amphitheater , surrounded by adults watching a conference .
A group of dogs racing .
A number eight racing dog is beating a number four racing dog slightly in a race .
Several dogs wearing muzzles are racing on a track .
There are three dogs wearing numbered jerseys running a race .
Three race dogs run to finish a race .
A group of people ride down the road in a large tractor .
A tractor decorated as a float for a parade.
A tractor pulling a wagon with a giant pumpkin covered in cloth and two wicker baskers on it drives down a road with people nearby .
Several people ride in a very odd looking truck .
Three men are driving a tractor that is carrying a huge brown object .
Children play with large hoops .
Little kids playing with sparklers at night .
Two small children are twirling sparkling rope .
Two young boys playing with sparklers .
Two young children and an older man play with sparklers .
two african-Americans stand in front of the building .
Two black males are posing for a picture with winter clothes on .
Two men are posing for a picture .
Two men are standing together in front of a white brick building .
Two men with glasses stand outside a stone building in the cold .
A basketball player in a red uniform is holding the ball while a player in a white uniform is trying to block him .
A basketball player with a ball and defenders .
A man in a red uniform is playing backset ball with a man in a white uniform blocking his shot .
The rival teams are playing basketball .
two basketball teams playing a game on the court .
a man and woman are pretending to be spiritual in front of Japanese temple .
A man and woman relaxing in a beautiful , scenic country .
A woman and man are posing on a beach in front of a landmark .
A young couple do yoga positions in front of a torii gate .
Two people are standing on a beach with an oriental statue behind them in the water .
An older dark-skinned woman holding a lighter-skinned baby .
An older woman is holding a large baby with mittens to protect her from scratching herself .
A woman holds a baby and smiles for the picture .
A woman in leopard print holds up a baby in white clothing .
a woman is sitting by a fence holding a baby in her arms .
A teacher is instructing two boys how to use the computer in a class .
A woman helps boys on a computer .
Children sit in front of a computer while their teacher instructs them .
Kids work at computers with a teacher 's help .
Two boys are getting help on a computer from a teacher .
A basketball player dribbles the ball while another blocks him and an official looks on .
A basketball player in a whit outfit is dribbling the ball around a player in a red outfit as the referee looks on .
A Miami basketball player dribbles by an Arizona State player .
A referee watches two basketball players playing basketball .
The guard drives towards the basket during a college basketball game .
A basketball player in white leaps up at the net .
A basketball player is jumping and holding a basketball over the net .
A basketball player slam dunks the ball .
A man jumps with a basketball to make a hoop .
The basketball player is dropping the basketball into the net .
A man in a green shirt is jumping a ramp on his skateboard .
A man is skating on a vert ramp.
A man on a half pipe doing a skateboard trick .
A skateboarder is doing a trick in the air with his skateboard on a red ramp while people stand around looking .
A skateboarder is riding on a red ramp by the ocean .
A child performs skateboard tricks on a wooden platform .
A man in a darkened room performing skateboard tricks .
A skateboarder is balancing on a wooden box in a dark room .
The skateboarder is wearing a helmet .
The skateboarder wearing jeans and a white shirt performs a trick .
A boy and a person off-camera playing a card game .
A small boy holding a hand of cards with Uno cards in the foreground .
Boy sitting on the couch playing a game of Uno .
The boy is playing UNO .
Three UNO cards in reds and yellows in the foreground , with a young boy holding additional cards in the background .
A brown dog with its mouth open and ears in the air running on a grassy surface .
a tan dog runs through a field with his ears flying in the air.
A yellow Labrador running with its ears flopping .
The brown dog is running .
This dog is running along the path .
A bike rider in the air above a ramp .
a bmx rider jumps off a ramp .
A cyclist is jumping off a wooden ramp beside an arched window .
A man in black rides a bike on a wooden ramp .
A young man in black takes a jump off a wooden bike ramp .
a woman holding a baby hanging from a branch and a small child hanging on that same branch .
Two asian kids are playing with a very large tree branch .
Two children and an adult standing next to a tree limb .
Two children hang from a low tree branch.
Two children hanging on a large branch .
Three people stand by a doorway posing for a photograph .
Two men and a woman pose for a picture .
Two men and a woman smile at the camera .
Two men and a woman standing near a doorway .
Two men and a woman with their arms around each other .
One very fat sumo wrestler wrestles with a thinner wrestler while an umpire dressed in green watches .
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in front of a referee and two spectators .
two sumo wrestlers fighting in a match.
Two sumo wrestlers fight in the ring as people watch .
Two sumo wrestlers competing in a match .
A sumo wrestler in black begins to push another in blue out of the ring .
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in a ring .
two sumo wrestlers fight .
Two sumo wrestlers in the ring .
Two sumo wrestlers wrestling in a sand ring .
A blond haired child in a black outfit and red belt doing karate .
A child with a red sash practices martial arts .
A girl in a black outfit with a red sash and a black headband has one hand on her waist and one extended straight out .
A young boy wearing a black uniform with a red sash taking part in a martial arts exposition .
A young child with a red belt does a demonstration .
A black woman with a colourful bandanna on her head carrying a sleeping boy in a backpack .
A boy takes a nap as his mother carries him on her back .
A lady with her son attached to her back.
A smiling woman carrying her baby in a sling .
A woman carries a sleeping baby on her back .
A city street is busy with people as one person walks across the crosswalk .
A man crosses the street next to a light rail station .
A man crossing an intersection and others are walking.
A woman in a blue hat and coat is crossing the road on a pedestrian crossing .
Man walking in the street under green lights.
A group of people are watching fireworks outside .
A group of people gathered to watch fireworks .
A small crowd in winter jackets stand in a snow field , looking at fireworks .
A small crowd stands watching a fireworks display .
People watch as something lights up the sky .
A girl in a red polka dot bikini is jumping off a sand dune .
A girl with a bikini plays in the dunes .
A little girl in a pink bathing suit jumps up on a sand dune at the beach .
A young girl in a bikini jumping on the beach .
A young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean , as two other children play in the sand .
A man performing a skateboard jump off the top of a ramp .
A skateboarder becomes airborne at the top of a black and yellow ramp .
A skateboarder does a trick on a black and yellow striped ramp .
Skateboarder flying over ramp outside .
This man is doing a stunt on a skateboard outdoors .
A man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer.
A man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down .
The players manuever for the soccer ball .
Two men kick at a soccer ball .
Two men wearing different colored uniforms playing soccer .
A beautiful horse is running in a fenced in area .
A black horse with a white nose is running in some sand with a fence around it .
A black horse with a white on his forehead and nose , running .
A horse is in midair in a corral .
A horse running through a dirt pen .
A man in a blue pinstriped suit is reading a newspaper while smoking a cigar.
A man in a blue suit reads the paper while smoking next to a marble building .
A man is standing up , reading a newspaper , and smoking a cigar .
A man smoking a cigar reading a paper in a city.
A man standing by a building corner and reading a newspaper .
A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
Basketball players in action .
The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
Woman in white dribbling basketball .
A boy in red shorts takes a dive while playing ball with another boy on the beach .
A man about to kick a ball over his head .
A man goes sideways in the air to hit a beach volleyball .
The volleyball game is headed into the water .
Young men are playing soccer on a beach .
A blonde girl is laughing at a guy in front of her .
A lady laughs at a man 's gestures .
A pretty blonde haired woman is talking to a professionally dressed man on the sidewalk .
A woman with a newspaper is looking at a man with a side pack on a street sidewalk .
The blonde woman holding a newspaper is smiling at the man in the white shirt .
A group of soccer players are playing soccer .
Player in blue and white uniform and player in gold and black uniform going after soccer ball .
The soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player .
Three men playing professional soccer while many people in the stands watching.
Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball .
The three people are wearing black blindfolds .
Three blindfolded people are in front of a white ' Salvar o Planeta ' wall .
Three people in blindfolds stand under a sign written in Spanish .
Three people wearing black blindfolds near a " Salvar O Planeta " sign .
Three people wearing blindfolds with a Greenpeace sign hanging in the background .
A black and white spotted dog runs along the seaweed and sand .
A dalmation is running along the beach .
A Dalmation runs along a beach .
a dalmation runs along the beach .
Dalmation running along the beach .
A boy in a blue sweatshirt playing Frisbee with two black dogs .
A man stands in the snow and holds a toy up while a black dog jumps for it .
a young person playing in the snow with two black dogs .
The man is playing with two dogs in the snow .
Two dogs play with a human and a disc in the snow .
A furry dog running on an open field of grass .
A gray fuzzy dog running through snow .
A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field .
A grey shaggy dog running.
Fluffy grey dog running in a field.
An individual in a red suit doing a ski jump .
A person on ski 's in the air at a ski slope .
A skier catches air .
A skier in red is high in the air .
A ski jumper is in the air .
A skateboarder does a trick off a brown ramp while three other people watch .
A skateboarder in the air at the top of ramp .
a skateboarder in the air getting ready to land.
A skateboarder is doing a stunt .
The skateboarder is in the air while holding his board .
A brown dog runs in the grass with one ear up .
A fluffy dog runs in grass .
A shaggy dog is running through a grassy area .
a small brown puddle running through a grassy yard .
A small dog runs through the grass .
A man with an Afro propels his skateboard into the air .
A skateboarder does a trick in the air , another watches and so does a crowd .
A skateboarder is watching another skateboarder perform a jumping stunt .
Boy does skateboard trick .
The skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches .
A big brown dog running .
A brindle do runs through a grassy yard.
A brown dog runs outdoors .
A grayhound dog is sprinting .
Dog running in yard .
A big brown dog chases a smaller white dog around in the grass .
A terrier dog and a mixed breed dog playing .
A white dog and brown dog fighting .
The white and brown dog are playing in the dead grass .
Two dogs paying attention to each other .
A male fire-dancer performs .
A man dances with a fire baton at night .
A man juggles a flaming staff in the dark .
A man twirling a flaming baton .
an african man is performing a trick with a stick that is burning with fire at both ends .
A dog playing with a blue ball in a small pool of water .
A dog playing with his ball in the wading pool .
A dog with a blue ball .
Brown and white dog plays with blue ball in blue water-filled shell .
Brown and white dog splashing in a pool .
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street .
A man and a woman are riding their bikes in an intersection .
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city .
A man and woman ride their bikes across a city street .
A woman and a man ride bikes across a city street .
A man holds a microphone in front of another man who is wearing a blue hat .
A man speaks into a microphone being held by another man .
A old man talking into a mike held by another old man .
Eldery man being interviewed after a race .
One older man interviews another in a racing suit .
A crowd of people in knit hats standing near a van .
A group of people are gathered together .
A group of people gather around a truck .
A large group of people are gathered .
There are a lot of people crowded around a blue sign .
A bicyclist holds their bike over their head by a group of people .
A cold cycler celebrates .
A man in orange is holding up a bicycle near a crowd .
A man in orange lifts a bicycle over his head in front of a crowd .
A man lifts his bike over his head and walks through a tight crowd .
a black dog with a pink collar is following behind a brown dog with across a grassy field .
A little black dog chasing a little brown one .
A small white and black dog chasing a slightly larger brown dog in a grassy area .
One brown and one black dog in grass .
Two dogs running , one brown and one grey.
Two people in an orange race car .
Two people in helmets sitting in an orange car .
Two people ride in a orange race car .
Two people wearing helmets are sitting in a race car .
Two racers driving an orange car.
A boat containing people is suspended by a cable .
A boat suspended by a cable over the water .
A raft hanging from a rope over the ocean .
A small group of people are in a small red boat and it is in the air over the ocean .
The boat with passengers gets lifted out of the water by a large cable .
A boy is standing at the edge of a wave with the sun setting or rising in the background .
A boy plays in the surf at sunset .
A child is standing on a beach waiting for a wave to come in .
A child stands in front of an incoming wave as the sun sets .
Child playing in waves with sun on the horizon .
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red .
A man in a red jacket and hat talks to another man .
A man in red winter clothes talks to another man in red .
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man .
Two men talk outdoors .
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background.
A man with red pants is skiing downhill .
A person in red pants skis down a mountain .
A skier in red pants is on a snow covered slope .
This person is skiing .
A dog in a snowy area .
A spotted dog catching a ball on a snowy field .
A white and brown spotted dog runs along the snow to catch a ball .
A white dog is running fast on a trail covered by snow .
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow .
Two men in magenta costumes performing .
two men in red fight .
Two men in red robes performing martial arts .
Two people dressed in pink .
two people in red traditional Chinese garb are performing with sticks.
A small child practices golf .
A small child with a toy golf club.
a young child wearing a white coat playing a children 's gold game .
A young girl wearing a pink coat plays with a yellow toy golf club .
The bundled up child is playing with toys outdoors .
Three men standing on a cliff .
Three people are posing in front of a large rock mountain .
Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .
Three people in jackets standing at the bottom of a large rock formation .
Three people standing on a mountain about halfway to the top .
A man and are playing cards but the man has thrown some cards in the air.
A man throws cards as he and the woman are sitting and playing cards .
A woman screams as a man throws a deck of cards .
A young man and woman sit at a small table amidst flying playing cards .
Man and woman at glass table , man flinging playing cards as woman reacts .
A bird flies above the water .
A heron is flying through the air near foliage .
A large white bird flying over water .
A large white bird swoops over water .
A white bird with yellow feet is flying over water .
A bicyclist is making a high jump over a constructed stunt piece .
A boy on a bicycle does a jump trick on his bike.
A cyclist is being photographed whilst doing a jump off a ramp .
A man in a red shirt is jumping his bike over a sign for Rockstar Energy Drink .
A person is on a bicycle making a jump high in the air .
A bride and groom stand in front of a church display while looking at one another .
A man and wife stand at the alter as they get married .
Bride and groom standing in a church surrounded by flowers .
Newlyweds smile and pose for a picture after their ceremony .
Two people are getting married in a church .
Two blonde ladies wearing sunglasses lounge on the grass with a dacshund .
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog .
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog .
Two women laying on grass with a dog .
Two women on a grassy hill lit by the sun ; one looks at a dachshund , the other looks to the side .
A brown dog runs happily with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A Dachshund runs through the grass , carrying a ball .
A dog runs with a multicolored ball .
A small brown dog running with a multicolored ball in his mouth .
The small dog , wearing a harness , is running with a ball in its mouth .
a brown puppy is gnawing in a metallic post that is stuck into the ground .
A dog is chewing on a metal pole .
A puppy mouthing a pole on the ground .
Brown dog chewing on a brown walking cane .
Brown puppy biting pole.
a boy in green jacket is riding a small motocross bike through the mud .
A dirt biker in the mud .
A young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud .
A young child rides a bike on a rough dirt path .
A young child rides a motorbike through the mud .
A brown dog digs in the sand happily .
A dog digs in the dirt .
A large brown dog is digging in the sand .
Dog digs in sand.
The brown dog is digging in the dirt .
Children walking on a sidewalk with yellow backpacks .
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks .
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks .
Two kids walk up the sidewalk with their backpacks .
two young children with yellow backpacks walking down a sidewalk.
A girl running toward a man on the beach.
A girl runs down a beach .
A little girl runs along the beach toward a man who admires the sky .
Father and daughter are playing in a shallow area of a lake together .
Man and child playing on the beach .
A bird flying over some sand .
A large bird swooping down towards the ground .
A large brown and white bird flying over land .
An eagle is coming in for a landing on the beach .
A white and beige colored bird is flying over a sandy beach .
a group of people get into special order .
Eight men and women are posed with arms outstretched in a step fashion .
Eight people are standing behind each other with arms stretched out to look like a tree .
Eight people pose in a line .
This group of people are posed , progressively higher , one behind the other .
Boy skating across a metal rail .
One boy skateboarding on a rail and three boys watching .
Teenager grinding skateboard down a railing while other teenagers watch .
The skateboarder is riding the silver rail while three other young men look on .
Young man grinding , three other boys observing.
A crowd of people are standing on a snow covered hill watching the sun go down .
A group of people are standing on a ledge overlooking low clouds .
A group of photographers stands on a hillside in the snow with the sun just below the horizon .
A line of people are seen in silhouette on a snowy ridge when the sun is low in the sky .
A line of people are standing on the edge of a snow covered path overlooking the clouds in the mountains .
A cat standing on carpet is interested in a piece of string in the air nearby wood flooring .
A white and brown cat bats at a frayed string dangling in front of him.
Cat playing with a dangling string .
Cat standing to play with string .
The white and black cat pawed at the piece of fabric .
A little boy streches his body out with his stomach on the grass .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt lies on the grass .
Boy lies on stomach in grass .
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass .
The young boy is laying on his belly in the grass .
A hockey goalie in a red uniform takes a drink from a water bottle .
A hockey goalie taking a drink of Gatorade .
A hockey player in a red jersey taking a drink out of a sports bottle.
An ice hockey player takes water from a green bottle .
Hockey player in red uniform drinking from a green water bottle .
A man is a black ninja suit with a mask is playing a guitar .
A man wearing a black ski mask is playing a guitar .
A man wearing a ninja suit plays the guitar.
A man with a ski mask , dressed all in black , plays guitar .
A person in a black ninja costume playing a guitar .
A competitive jumper is caught by the camera in midair .
A cricket bowler in action .
A man contorts his body as he plays baseball .
Ballplayer in blue uniform midair with legs stretched out .
Man running and almost falling .
A kid cross-country skis wearing the number " 93 " .
A person playing sports in the snow is crouched down .
A snow skier is going down a slalom course .
Person in a racing ski outfit and a helmet is skiing while in a squat position .
The skier is on the snow .
a bearded man takes a nap .
A man has fallen asleep with his mouth open .
a man snoring.
A man with a beard sits among orange chairs .
A man with a beard sleeps in a chair , computer banks behind him .
A goalie is crouching in a defensive position in front of the goal .
A hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal .
An ice hockey goalkeeper in a red and blue strip is on his knees in front of the goal .
An ice hockey player is bending down on the ice .
The hockey player knelt on the ice .
The boy and girl pose for a picture with a large red flower above their heads .
The teenage boy and girl are smiling under a red flower .
Two kids smiling underneath a red flower .
Two people smile underneath a large red flower and in front of a vine-covered wall .
Two people standing in front of vine covered wall with red flower overhead.
A woman is walking in front of a fast-food restaurant .
A woman walking down the sidewalk beside a cheeseburger advertisement .
A woman walking near a fast food restaurant .
a woman wearing a white jacket walks past a billboard that is advertising hamburgers .
A woman with a white jacket and black pants is walking down the sidewalk in front of a banner advertising hamburgers .
A man with four running dogs in nature .
A smiling woman watches as four dogs run on a hill .
A woman is standing on the grass with four dogs .
Person encouraging four dogs to run .
The man is in the field with four dogs who are running .
A ball is about to enter a goal at a soccer match .
A soccer player in a white shirt kicked a goal .
A soccer player tries to kick the ball in the goal .
A soccer team scores a goal .
Goal attempt during a soccer game being played on green grass .
A female hockey player in blue is challenging the player in white for the ball .
Two girls are fighting for the ball in indoor field hockey .
Two women with blue and white uniforms playing floor hockey.
Two young female floor hockey players fight over the ball .
Women playing a game similar to hockey , but with no ice .
A man snowboards over wooden snow fences .
A snowboarder flies through the air .
A snowboarder jumps over a wooden structure.
Person in yellow jacket snowboarding .
Snowboarder going over a fence in snow .
Two bicycle riders in twilight on the shore .
Two children on bikes riding on a desolate street near water and a streetlamp .
Two kids ride their bikes by the ocean , in the evening .
Two people are on bikes are next to a white building .
Two people are riding bikes on a vacant street near the ocean .
A dark haired bearded man in a white dress shirt and black sweater and a woman in a black and white dress in a small space .
A man and women , both in black and white , are in an elevator .
A man with a large beard and a woman wearing a white necklace smile .
A nicely dressed woman and bearded man in a small room .
A smiling man leaning to his right stands behind a smiling woman leaning to her left .
A man is in midair at a skate park .
A man is pulling tricks on his rollerblades in a indoor skate park .
A man rollerblading at a skate park .
A rollerblader does a trick at a skate park.
Inline skater taking a jump .
A person in a dark wetsuit is surfing .
A person is surfing on a large wave .
A surfer goes up a wave of water .
The surfer is surfing the wave .
The surfer wearing the blue suit on the colorful surfboard is catching a wave .
A man in a prison suit is snowboarding .
A man in a zippered jacket snowboarding .
A snowboarder in stripes .
A snowboarder poses for the camera while doing a trick .
A snowboarder wearing a black and white striped jacket is kicking up some snow .
A brown dog begins to run along a beach with a wave in the background .
A brown dog is running on sand next to the ocean .
A dog is galloping on the beach .
A dog is running along a beach in front of the ocean .
A dog leaps by the ocean .
A baby in swim trunks shows off his balancing ability with the help of his father .
A father and infant son enjoying themselves at a pool .
A man holding a baby over a swimming pool .
a man holds a toddler on a board over a pool .
A man holds up a baby in a swimming pool .
A black and white dog carries a huge stick on the green grass .
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick .
a dog carries a large stick through the field .
A dog with a large stick runs across the grass .
There is a black and white dog with a large branch running in the field .
A brown and black dog jumps high in the air after a purple Frisbee .
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee .
A dog jumps in the air for a Frisbee disk as the owner watches.
A dog jumps of a Frisbee with a woman looking on .
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee .
A person wearing skis makes a jump over the snow .
A skier.
A skier is in the air .
A skier takes to great heights on a snow-covered mountain slope .
The man is skiing down a snowy hill .
A person is flying through the air on a snowboard as the wind picks up some snow .
A snowboarder flying through the air doing a trick on a snowy mountain .
A snowboarder jumping off a mountain cliff .
A snowboarder jumps high over snow in mountain area .
Snowboarder in midair performing a stunt on mountaintop .
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks .
A man wearing flowered swimming trunks is standing near large mossy rocks .
A man wearing red shorts is holding onto the rocks beside the water .
Man in red shoes and red and white print shorts posing in front of rocks by water .
Man posing by a natural pool .
A boy riding a sled off of a snow ramp .
A boy riding a tobaggan down a snowy hill.
A child sleds over a mound of snow as others watch him .
A group of people are sledding down a snow covered hill .
The young man is flying through the air on his green snowboard .
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow .
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth .
A dog is running towards the photographer .
A playful dog running across the snowy field with a stick in its mouth .
Black and white dog with a stick running in the snow .
A person is in a tree at night .
A skier flies past bare trees after taking a night jump .
A snowboarder getting air at night .
I have no idea !.
Someone sitting in the tree in the dark .
A cop sitting on his police bike .
A motorcycle policeman observes the crosswalks in the middle of a city .
A policeman sits on a motorcycle .
A police officer leans against his motorcycle and watches the streets .
A policeperson is near a police motorcycle .
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs .
Two people on cots watching the water at twilight .
Two people relax by the water .
Two people sit in the dark , on the shore , looking at the city lights .
Two people sitting in the shadows near the water .
A person in a red shirt on a skateboard .
A person riding a skateboard .
A teenage male grinds on his skateboard .
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
While doing tricks , the skateboarder is at the top of the half pipe .
A group of asian women standing together for photo .
Four Asian women pose for a picture .
Four people with black hair pose for a picture with windows in the background .
Four women , two with id badges .
Four young Asian women are posing in front of a window.
A biker rider jumping high over a dirt hill and seems to be higher than an electric pole .
A motor biker gets massive air off a dirt jump.
A person jumps a bicycle off a large dirt ramp .
Brown ramp structure with a person on ski 's in midair .
The cyclist is airborne on his bike as it makes a jump between two mounds of earth .
A group of people waiting to ride boats .
Four ferry boats are docked at a visitor 's center with passengers waiting to board .
People are gathered on a platform in water for a ceremony .
People congregate on a platform in a river among decorated boats .
People wait to board boats .
Two labs running around near a wooded area.
Two light tan dogs of the same breed but different size are running in the woods .
two white dogs are running through some woodland .
Two white dogs playing in a forest .
Two white dogs running on ground covered with colorful fallen leaves .
A man smoking a cigarette talking to a lady who is sitting on steps .
Lady in black standing and smoking with another girl sitting on the steps .
The person in black smoked while the woman in brown sat on the steps .
The woman in the black coat is smoking and the woman in the gray coat sits on stone steps .
Two women smoking on the steps of a white building .
A female lionist jumping in a green field with a green mountain in the background .
A lion jumping through tall grass .
A mountain lion is leaping off of a rock .
a tiger jumps off a rock .
Cougar pouncing off rock .
A parachute caught on a tree with some people on the ground shining a light at it .
A person jumps up over the snow as their skis cross .
A skier in midair.
A skier is doing a trick in the air at night .
A skier makes a jump with his skis crossed .
Two Asian girls are standing outside a red brick building.
Two asian ladies posing for a picture .
Two women standing in front of a large brick building .
Two women stop to have their picture taken outside the chocolate factory .
Two young ladies pose outside of a brick building and smile for the camera .
An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
two men sit on a bench .
Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
A bald eagle near a pond of water .
A bald eagle sits on the bank of a creek .
A bald eagle stands in shallow water .
An eagle standing in water .
The bird walks in the water near rocks .
A man on rollerblades is doing a trick .
A man riding a skateboard on a half pipe in the dark .
A rollerskater does tricks on a half pipe .
A skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp .
There is a guy wearing a grey and white striped shirt and black pants skateboarding on the black surface .
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow .
A brown dog is catching a ball in its mouth whilst playing in a snow covered field .
A dog catching an orange ball , in the snow .
A golden retriever catches a tennis ball in the snow .
A tan dog catches an orange ball in the snowy yard .
A group of children dressed in costume pose for a picture .
A group of children stand against a building and smile .
A group of six children stands smiling and laughing in front of a wall .
a group of young children standing in a row leaning against a wall .
The six children are laughing .
A bike rider in red rides through the trees down a snowy hill .
A person is riding a bike in a wooded area at night .
Bike rider riding downhill in forest .
Cyclist in snowy forest at night.
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket .
A dog is running through the snow .
a thin white dog is running through snow .
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow .
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow .
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow.
A boy is wielding a long white stick whilst some people are watching him from behind .
A child swings a big white stick while others look on .
a young boy swinging a stick about o hit something .
A young boy swings a large stick as a crowd watches .
The little boy swings a large white stick .
A girl is riding her bike at night .
A person on a bicycle rides down the city sidewalk at night .
A person walks in the dark near streetlights .
A street light lit bridge with a cyclist and some cars .
The person is bicycling on the street at nighttime .
A child in a red child plays on playground equipment .
A little kid plays on the equipment at the park .
A small blond child wearing a red jacket climbs on a playground .
Blond child wearing a red jacket and crawling on playground equipment .
The kid at the playground has a red sweater on .
Two staffordshire terriers race through a field in the woods.
Two brown dogs running in a grassy field .
Two dogs running in the woods .
two dogs run through a grassy patch that is surrounded by trees .
Two tan dogs run along a field at the edge of a woods .
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand .
A girl sits patiently as another one draws henna on her .
The girl is standing as the other girl with glasses works on her hand painting .
The woman in the white sweater is painting a tattoo on the teenager 's hand .
Two girls at a table with papers between them .
a man with a microphone watches two children practicing sum wrestling .
Two girls dressed up with sumo pants wrestling while people look on .
Two people have their arm entangled with each other while people look on .
Two woman competiting in a mock sumo wrestler competiton .
Two young girls sumo wrestle while others watch .
a family deciding what to other at a restaurant.
A woman points to the menu while another woman and man look on .
three chinese people eat soup .
Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant .
Two women and a man are sitting at a round table .
A snowboarder going over a cliff .
A snowboarder is jumping off a high stone wall .
A snowboarder vaulting over a rock ridge .
Snowboarder performing a trick high in the air over snow .
The snowboarder is doing a jump .
A dog runs in a race .
A dog wearing a number " 8 " races on a track .
A greyhound in a black and yellow shirt is racing .
A white greyhound dog wearing the number eight is running on a track .
The muzzled dog with the number eight races on the dirt track .
A boy wearing a blue parka , green pants , and white shoes is leaping in a ramp .
a man performs a large jump .
A man wearing a blue jacket jumping from one concrete wall to the other .
A person in a blue jacket jumps off of a tan cement wall .
Someone in a blue coat and white sneakers is airborne .
A smiling group posing together .
Four people pose upclose for the camera .
The young adults take a group shot of themselves .
Two men and two women taking a self-portrait.
two women and two men are posing for a self held camera photograph .
A motocross biker flies in the air on his bike .
An individual adorned in white rides a motorcycle .
A person in white in the air on their motorbike .
A white motorcycle is being jumped in the air by a person in a white outfit and crash helmet .
Rider making high jump on motorcycle .
A boy in a blue shirt runs while smiling .
A child in a black shirt , running .
A little boy in navy blue is running very fast .
A young boy in a dark blue shirt runs as the grassy background blurs .
A young boy in dark clothing with a smile sprints .
A basketball player jumps for a shot while another attempts to block him .
Man in blue and white uniform shooting basketball being blocked by man in white and red .
Two basketball players oppose each other at the net .
Two men are playing basketball and one is trying to block the other .
Two men , one with a ball and a blue uniform , and the other in a white uniform are playing basketball .
A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy , wearing a blue shirt with penguins , to his left.
Two boys in a tent smile for the camera .
Two boys smile from within their makeshift tent of towels and blankets .
Two children are playing in a homemade fort .
Two kids underneath a sheet playing with a white dog .
A boy jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket.
A boy wearing jeans leaps in the air and shows his shadow below .
A child jumping on a tennis court .
The boy is jumping in the air .
Where is the rest of his racket ?.
A woman helping a young blonde girl .
A woman in a sweater is painting the face of a young girl in a striped shirt .
A woman paints a picture on a girl 's face .
A woman with glasses is face painting a blond girl .
the woman wearing glasses is painting the face of the blonde girl .
A crowd of people in winter-gear is standing in front of a large royal structure .
A group of people gather in front of a historic building.
Many bundled up people are standing in a public square .
There is a group of people in winter coats are gather in front of a large building .
Tourists are gathering in front of a historic building in winter .
a man and woman have matching tattoos .
A man holds the hair of a woman to show her matching tattoo .
a pair showing off matching musical note tattoos.
The man and woman show off their matching skull tattoos .
Two people show off their matching skull tattoos while two other people look on .
A black dog leaps in the water .
A black dog runs fast into shallow water .
A dog bounds into the water .
Black dog running into the water .
Black dog running through water next to beach .
A girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch .
An Irish dancer performs a solo .
A woman in tights dances .
Girl in black pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the same .
Outdoors , girl in orange dress dancing as other dancers huddle in background .
A group of pugs in a lawn .
A pack of Pugs .
Group of pale brown and black pugs playing on grass .
Many dogs are shown in the grass .
Nine black and brown pugs in harnesses playing on a grassy lawn .
A girl in a pink dress blows bubbles on a wharf .
A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock .
A little girl blows bubbles in a courtyard with a ship in the background .
Small girl blowing bubbles outside .
The girl in the pink dress is blowing bubbles on a walkway in front of a black ship .
A man drives an ATV down a dirt road with a power line behind him .
a man is driving a red ATV up a rugged hill .
A man wearing a white hat is on a red ATV driving on the dirt .
Man riding four-wheel , off-road vehicle in rural area .
The man rides his quad through a rural area followed by his dog .
A girl and a man wearing a colored hat is leaning from the window of a limousine .
a long white limo with two people hanging out the window.
A man , with rainbow hair , and a woman are yelling out the window of a limo .
Two people , one with a rainbow wig , wave out the window of a limo .
Two women , one in a rainbow wig , wave out of a long car .
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes .
A group of people crossing ropes that are suspended over water .
Many people climb on a ropes course outside .
Men on a ropes course .
People are climbing on a rope bridge that is crossing a stream .
A man in a grey shirt juggles six black and white balls .
A man juggling hackey sacks.
A person is looking up and juggling seven balls .
A young man juggles six black and white balls .
The man juggles six balls easily .
A man playing the Trumpet into a microphone .
A man plays the trumpet onstage.
A young man in a black sweater plays a trumpet into a microphone .
A young man plays the trumpet .
The man is sitting on a stool playing the trombone .
A brown , black , and white dog play in a grassy field .
A white dog , a brown dog , and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field .
Three dogs running on a grassy field .
Three dogs run on wide , grassy , outdoor area .
White , brown , and black dogs running across a grassy lawn .
A dog in a harness pulling a pink carrier behind it on snow .
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow .
A dog wrapped with straps is walking away from a red tray holding a bag .
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow .
a tan dog wearing a multicolored color running on the beach.
A skier falling down a hill .
A skier is falling face first into the snow .
A skier is falling into the snow .
A skier falls down a hill .
The skier is leaning forward in the snow .
a person riding a snowboard with a pink bottom.
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill.
A snowboarder jumps across a snowy hill .
A snowboarder with a pink board jumping down a snow covered hill near trees .
Snowboarder on a pink board flying through the air .
A brown and white dog standing next to a smaller brown and white dog in front of a fence .
A brown and white dog stands on the sand to look at another dog .
A large dog plays in the sand with a small dog .
Collie dog digs in sand .
Two dogs playing in the sand next to a fence .
A black dog pulls a red sled in the snow .
A black dog pulls a red sleigh.
A black dog wearing a harness is pulling a sled .
A black dog wearing a harness that is attached to a red sled .
Large black dog is pulling things around on a red sled .
a man carves an ice block with a chainsaw .
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice .
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture .
Man carves block of ice with a saw .
Man with an ice sculpture.
Three Asian women , one elderly , one a child and one an adult crossing a street .
Three women in hats walk down a sidewalk .
Three women in white hats in a line .
Three women , one old , one young and one a child , walk down a street .
Three women walk in a line on the sidewalk .
A man in orange and blue is in the lead in a bike race .
Cyclists compete in a race that takes them on a dirt mountain road .
The bicyclists are in a race .
Three people race their bicycles in competition in the forest .
Two cyclists lead the pack in a race while wearing long-spandex pants .
A complete dog sled team in motion .
A dog sled with two passengers travelling through the snow .
A team of dogs pulls a sleigh holding two people across the snow .
Two people are on a sled pulled by many dogs .
Two people on a sled pulled by a team of dogs .
A brown squirrel is jumping over a snow drift .
A brown squirrel jumps into the air in a snowy area .
A grey squirrel bounds over the melting snow .
A squirrel takes a huge leap over a mound of snow .
A squirrel jumps in the snow .
a crowd cheers on a sled dog racer .
A participant in a dog sled race passes onlookers .
Dogs pull a sled in the snow .
The crowd watches the musher 's dog sled .
Three dogs pull a sled during a race in the snow .
a few people waing around at a train stop.
Five people on a sidewalk .
five people standing on a sidewalk.
Three girls and a guy wait for a rail train .
three people stand on the sidewalk .
A group of Chinese teenage girls walking .
A group of dark-haired girls are walking together .
A group of dark haired young ladies in shorts walks past a bank of lockers .
four Asian girls are walking through a locker room .
Four dark-haired girls walk the hall toward a bank of lockers .
Four black-haired girls in shorts are walking .
Four girls in shorts walk down the street .
Four little girls walking together .
There are four girls with shorts on walking together .
Three girls wearing shorts , walking .
A crowd of people are sitting in bleachers , and some are holding American flags .
A crowd of people , some with flags , at an event .
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags .
People are sitting on bleachers waving American flags .
People waving flags watch a game .
Three dogs are playing together in the dirt .
Three dogs of varying sizes and colors stand on dirt .
Three dogs running in the dirt .
three dogs run together .
Three dogs who are brown , white , and black ( respectively ) play with one another in a dirt field .
A group of boys are playing basketball and a boy in a brown shirt is throwing a basketball into the basket .
A man jumps up towards the basketball hoop as others watch .
a man wearing a brown shirt throwing the basketball into the basket .
Several people play basketball outside .
The guys are shooting hoops .
A child in a striped dress and a woman in a black dress .
A little girl in a striped dress has a pink scarf .
A woman holding a small child .
A woman with a toddler in a striped dress.
The woman is holding a baby girl wearing a striped dress .
A group of people stand together and look at the camera .
A man , a woman , a girl , and a younger girl look puzzled and concerned .
A man , woman and one girl face the camera , while one girl faces away .
Oriental man , and two women facing camera and young child with back to camera .
Three people looking concerned facing us , a girl in a backback facing away .
A lady is sitting at a table alone in a very colorful place .
An older woman sits at a table in a tank top and skirt .
An older woman sitting at a table in a restaraunt , holding a glass .
An old woman drinking water in a yellow room.
An old woman is sitting in a cafe with a glass of water .
A warmly dressed woman in black kneels with a small tan dog near a crowd of onlookers .
A woman in winter clothing kneels next to a small brown and white dog in the snow .
A woman kneeling in the snow attaching a harness on a small tan dog .
A woman puts a harness on her small brown dog while in the snow .
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing .
A black and tan dog walking through the snow .
A German-shepherd dog runs through deep snow that has covered grass .
A German Shephard runs in the snow .
A German shepherd dog is running in the snow .
The large dog is running through snow .
A boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground .
A boy plays at the playground .
a boy run through a big wheel .
A man is at a park and about to enter a large round structure .
Two children play on large barrel hoops on a playground .
Two boys are running in a metal barrel .
Two boys are running in a spinning tube .
Two boys are walking inside a human-size exercise-wheel .
Two boys running in a giant metal wheel .
Two boys walking to make a cylinder roll at a small carnival .
Two dogs play tug-of-war with a dark object in the snow .
Two poodles playing tug-o-war.
Two white poodles fighting over something in their mouths in the snow.
Two white standard poodles playing tug of war in the snow .
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow.
A brown dog holding a huge stick in its mouth running in the snow .
A brown dog holding a really big stick .
A dog in the snow carrying a tree limb in its mouth .
Brown dog runs through snow with a snow covered branch in its mouth .
The brown dog running in the snow is carrying a large stick , also covered with snow .
Two brown dogs are wearing muzzles and running very fast through the grass .
Two brown dogs wearing muzzles race through a grassy field .
Two dogs racing on grass track .
Two dogs wearing mouth harnesses race through a field .
Two dogs wearing muzzles are running .
A smiling woman stands in front of a body of water with water birds .
A woman in a white shirt and dark jacket stands in a marsh .
A woman laughing by a lake .
A woman standing in front of water and dry grass smiles .
The smiling woman stands in grass near a creek .
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race .
A group of people are running a race .
A large pack of men jog in a race .
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack .
There is a large crowd of runners .
A building with people outside .
A group of people stand in front of a large apartment building .
an anciet city with people walking the streets .
People in front of a beige five story building .
The corner of a building , from the street .
A climber is climbing on an artificial climbing wall.
A man attemping to climb a fake rock wall .
A man climbs a rock wall .
A man climbs up an artificial climbing wall .
a rock climber climbs a rock wall .
Two persons in midair snowboarding .
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow .
Two snowboarders are suspended in midair after a jump from a snow slope .
Two snowboarders in the air above snow .
Two snowboarders in yellow and green are jumping in the air .
Two guys with long hair standing in front of a window .
Two long haired boys are by a white window .
Two teenage boys walking on the street .
Two young men walking together .
Two young men with shaggy hair are waiting outside , wearing warm clothes and backpacks .
A family picture.
A group of adults wear sweaters and have their hands in their pockets .
A group of five adults stand posing in front of buildings .
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house .
A group shot of four guys and one girl in front of a brick building .
A man in American flag shorts holds a white cube at the entrance of a marble building .
A man in American flag shorts stands at the top of the stairs .
A man in flag underwear standing on the steps with a book and black shoes on .
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway .
Person standing on step wearing American flag shorts and holding a box .
A man is skiing down a mountain .
A person dressed in red and grey is skiing down a snowy slope .
a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste .
A skier skiing downhill in a cloud of snow .
A skier wearing white sunglasses is skiing down a snowy mountain very fast .
A person ski jumps off an A frame shack .
A snowboarder jumps over a shed which is almost covered with snow.
Snow covered wooded area with a structure and a person in white top and orange pants in midair .
The skier jumps over a hut in the snow covered forest .
The skier wearing orange pants is jumping over the wooden roof .
A child in pink throwing a snowball at a child in blue .
A girl in pink tosses a snowball a girl wearing blue .
Two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs .
Two girls in winter jackets , knit hats , and glvoes are outside in the snow .
Two young kids wearing winter coats play in the snow .
A girl and boy hugging in the cobblestone street .
A little boy kisses a little girl on the side of the road .
A little boy tells a secret to a little girl.
The two children stand on a cobblestone street and play .
Two young children playing on the street .
A man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .
A man sits on a blue city bench with a blue blanket over his head .
A person on a blue bench under a blue blanket .
A person with a blue blanket on his head sits on a metal bench in an urban neighborhood .
The man sitting on the blue bench has a blanket covering his head .
a brown and white dog is sniffing the snow covered ground .
A brown and white dog walking in the snow near a fence .
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow .
A lean white and brown dog makes its way through a patch of snow .
A slender dog checks out a snowy patch of land .
A man in an orange shirt is standing in a fire .
A man in an orange shirt is walking over fire while a crowd watches .
A man is walking through fire .
A man walks between burning piles .
A man walks past burning piles in front of a crowd with cameras.
A cadet is being taught how to properly stretch his right leg .
A man in military fatigues is assisting another man who is lying on the ground in front of a row of parked cars .
A man on the ground near a row of cars , and another man standing holding the first man 's leg .
One man is helping another man get under a boundary line .
Two men in combat fatigues , one grabs the other 's foot on grass near parking lot .
A man in black shorts is jumping off planks of wood .
A man is diving off logs while wearing all black gear .
A man jumping off of some logs .
A man jumps off a wooden structure .
A man with a black shirt jumps from a wooden plank on a cloudy day .
A girl in martial arts class is kicking a dummy .
A young girl in martial arts class kicks a bag .
kid practicing karate move.
Little girl kicks black object at karate class .
The girl with the red belt is kicking a pad that the person in black is holding .
A man hiking in the wilderness giving the camera a thumbs up .
A man in a blue shirt hikes through a nature trail .
A man in a blue shirt is hiking through green foliage .
A man wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt walks in a dense forest .
Man standing in the midst of plants is giving two thumbs up .
A man in dark gear and a man in light gear wade through deep water .
Two men are racing in the water .
Two men , one in a blue swimcap , stand in torso-deep water .
Two men , walking waist deep in water , with one man shirtless with green hair and bright pink arms .
two men walk through the water .
One man in the hole of a tire in water , and another man getting up from the water next to him .
Two boys hanging off a tire dock .
Two men are playing with tires in muddy water .
Two men climb onto tires while sitting in the muddy water .
Two men trying to hoist themselves up from the water on to a walkway made of tires .
A lot of surfers stand out in the ocean with their boards waiting on a wave .
Many surfers are sitting on their surfboards in the calm ocean .
Multiple surfers are out in the ocean waiting for a wave .
People line up in the ocean .
Surfers line up in the water awaiting the next wave .
A boy and a woman in Arab costume making peace signs .
A boy and a young woman in a headscarf make peace signs .
A girl in a headdress and a boy with a bandanna are giving the peace sign to the camera .
A woman wearing a blue headcover and a boy wearing a scarf hold fingers in peace signs .
A woman with a blue headdress and a boy with a headband make a peace sign with their fingers.
A black and white dog jumping in the snow .
A black and white dog jumps in the snow .
A dog jumps high in the snow .
A dog jumps in the snow .
Large black and white dog jumping in the snow .
A man and a woman adjust a camera on a tripod outdoors .
A man and woman setup a camera .
A pair work with the camera .
The man and the woman worked together to adjust the camera .
Two young adults are setting up the video camera for some action .
a boy holds up his paper while men stand around a table .
A group of adults and children doing some activity on a sidewalk outside .
A little girl in a pink jacket is in the middle of the frame .
Several people are preparing to film a scene involving a young schoolgirl and a young schoolboy .
Two little kids are on a production set with seven adults .
A camera team wearing jackets stands in front of a white building .
A man is setting up a camera to take shots of something that ca n't be seen near a ZCHTV wall .
A man shoots footage with a camera as two women look on .
A man with long hair is looking through a camera .
Three people stand outside one has a camera on a tripod .
a male reported in a black and white jacket interviewing a young woman.
A man holding a microphone in front of a person 's face .
A man holding a microphone up for a woman .
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl 's face .
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair .
A child being interviewed by a man with a microphone .
A group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man .
A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people .
A man interviews a boy in front of a crowd of people .
The man is interviewing a teenage boy in front of an audience .
A man is engulfed in flames while two movie crewmen supervise .
A person on fire .
A person on fire runs to the left and two other people face him .
Stunt man on fire with two men watching .
Three people , one of whom is on fire .
A dog , wearing a number 8 , running in a race .
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack .
A greyhound runs in a race , bee striped jacket , number eight .
Grey dog with muzzle and with the # 8 yellow striped identification is running .
Racedog has the number 8 .
A black dog with a purple collar and a black leash runs in the grass .
A black dog with a purple collar is running .
A black dog with a purple collar running .
a black dog with purple collar running.
The black dog is wearing a purple collar with a black leash as he is running .
A rock face is covered with snow and ice .
A rocking climbing mountain inside a building .
a view of some large snowcapped mountains.
Beautiful mountain scenery and a ski lift .
There is a pile of white snow .
A group lies in the snow while someone on a blue snow sled jumps over them .
A group of people laying in the snow , while another person jumps them .
A person rides a sled over several people .
A sledder is making a jump over other kids lying in the snow .
One boy jumps over several other boys laying in the snow with his sled , while one boy sits on one end .
A man break dances as a crowd watches .
A man dances on a mat in front of a crowd .
A man dancing on the street in front of a crowd .
A man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches .
The guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .
a man in a beige shirt is operating a video camera next to a girl in a black sweater .
A man is setting up a camera on a tripod while a woman stands in the background .
A man preparing a camera on a tripod.
A man sets up a video camera while a woman stands behind him .
Two people with photograhi equipment standing beside a tree with computer equipment in the background on table .
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment.
Two men are standing in the street behind a table that has a laptop and a TV monitor on it .
two men looking at a screen.
Two men stand behind a table with electronics on it .
two men with a lot of electrical equpiment on a table in front of them .
Two women are looking at a monitor with a long antenna .
two women are watching a monitor screen outside in a city street .
Two women , a TV with antenna before them , one is watching the other is looking down .
Two women on a street are stopped at a television .
Two women set up a small flatscreen computer .
A man is kneeling in the top step while many people are behind him sitting in chairs .
A man sits on the stage giving technical assistance for a performance .
a man sitting in front of a stage.
A man with a " Backyard Babies " has a black box in front of him and a crowd on chairs behind him .
Crowd behind man working projector.
A lone performer or lecturer takes the stage in an urban setting , for a crowd of about 30 spectators .
An older crowd looks up at a small stage in the street .
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd.
People are seated outdoors to see someone onstage .
People are watching an outside presentation .
A girl in black is starring off into the distance .
A woman in a black coat with a camera on a tripod.
A woman leans against the wall while a camera operates next to her .
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera .
a woman stands behind a video camera .
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow .
A young child coming down a snowy hill with snow flying around him near tiretracks .
A young child slides down a snow slope while smiling .
Little boy sledding down a snow covered hill .
Young boy in a winter hat sliding down a snowy hill .
A basketball player performing a lay-up .
A boy in a blue basketball uniform , number 13 and a boy in a white basketball uniform , number 23 jump for the ball .
A man in a white uniform jumps while holding a basketball as another in blue blocks him .
Basketball player wearing a white , number 23 jersey jumps up with the ball while guarded by number 13 on the opposite team .
The man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue .
A dog walking around with his leash but not with his owner .
a dog walks across the sand .
A sandy colored dog walking toward the camera with its leash attached and dragging below .
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day .
Dog with lease poses for the camera with its tongue hanging out .
A dog is jumping over a blue and white obstacle course fence .
A dog leaps over a barrier .
A dog runs headlong towards a hurdle .
A light colored dog leaps over a hurdle .
a tan dog jumping over a goal net on a large grassy field.
A brown dog and a swan having a confrontation beside a pond .
A brown dog on a dock faces a white swan in the water .
A dog is looking at a white swan swimming in a lake .
A dog looking at a swan in the water .
A dog on a deck confronting a swan .
A break dancer spins on his head outside as onlookers watch the performance .
A man spinning on his head on a city sidewalk near a checkerboard mat .
A man stands on his head in front of a crowd .
Man standing on his head near a black and white pattern in the street .
Young man break dancing in the street .
people are dancing on a checkered platform while people are watching.
Many people are watching street performers dancing .
Two men are performing on a sidewalk as a crowd watches.
Two men break dancing , with a crowd looking on .
two men dancing on a checker board in front of a crowd.
A man down on one knee in the foreground , three others behind him , and a crowd surrounding them .
A man kneels on the sidewalk as a crowd watches .
A man posing in front of a crowd on a busy street .
Many people are watching two men performing in a busy street .
Two green shirted males perform on the square as people watch .
A crowd in a European square watching a green shirted man .
A gentleman in a green jersey is entertaining a crowd of people .
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd .
A man with a yellow and green shirt is standing in front of a crowd of people .
Man in colorful jersey and cap performs for crowd in urban area .
A boy plays in the surf .
A boy running through surf on a beach .
a young boy wearing sunglasses playing on the shore at the beach.
Boy in sunglasses walking in the ocean .
People stand in the surf .
Two brown dogs are playing in a field .
Two brown dogs are wrestling in a grassy field .
Two brown dogs play or fight .
Two dogs run across the grassy field .
Two large brown dogs run along a field playfully .
A woman and child sitting on a bench beside a wooden bear carving .
A woman and little girl are sitting on a wooden bench beside a wooden bear .
A woman holds a little girl next to a large wooden carving of a bear .
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store .
A young girl being held by an older woman wearing bluejeans sitting on the lap of a bear statue near the entrance to a wooden building .
A man asleep on the subway .
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation .
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car .
Dark skinned male in leather jacket sleeping .
The man in the leather jacket sleeps on the subway .
A dark tent with nightclub lighting and people dancing with a man in a suit in the foreground .
A group of people in a dimly lit night club .
A man looks on in a club .
A man stares out a window .
People are gathering under colored lights in a large tent .
A dog sledding team pulling a man wearing a bright orange jacket in the snow .
A man in an orange snowsuit is on a dogsled in the snow .
A man is in a dog sled race with snow on the ground .
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town .
Dogs lead a sled with a man in an orange parka through the snow .
A dog sled races through the snow .
A dog sled team and their driver .
A musher waves and smiles behind his dogs who are running in snow .
Dogs are pulling a person on a sled in the snow .
The musher is pressing the dogs to the finish line .
A basketball player in white is trying to defend against the player in black who is dribbling the ball .
An african american runs with a basketball as a caucasion tries to take the ball from him .
Guy in black uniform dribbling basketball away from guy in white uniform.
Two teams are playing basketball as one man is driving towards the hoop .
White player attempts to get ball from black player on basketball court .
A bunch of men play rugby on a muddy field .
A group of men are playing rugby .
A group of men are playing rugby .
A group of opposing players are in the middle of a rugby game .
Men play rugby .
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building .
One man holding a post and another man and woman waiting to cross the street looking to their left .
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building .
Three people are waiting on the curb as a man walks by .
Two elderly men and one elderly woman standing on a sidewalk staring to their left .
A few players show off their jousting skills in a gym .
The people in the masks are fencing .
Two fencers in full gear duel in a gym .
Two fencers in gear fighting in a fencing class.
Two fencers in white suits and black masks compete in a gymnasium setting .
The two men are playing Frisbee in a field .
Two men in long sleeved clothing are playing Frisbee in a park .
Two men in wintry athletic clothing play ultimate Frisbee .
Two men play Frisbee in the park .
two player run for the Frisbee .
A little boy jumps in the air while his younger brother looks on .
boy jumps through mud puddle .
The two young boys play in a puddle on a comfortable day .
Two children are playing in a mud puddle .
two little boys play with a puddle .
A baby holding glasses looks at the camera while a man hugs him .
A man holding a baby who is holding black glasses .
A man holds a baby , which is chewing on eyeglasses .
A man holds a baby who is holding eye glasses .
Baby with his dads glasses in his mouth .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location .
A biker lets go of the handlebars while flying over the ground .
An extreme cyclist in red shirt and helmet jumping his bike over a guidewire.
A person on a bike leaps high in the air at a beach .
Person in orange shirt balancing bicycle on wire.
A black and white dog biting onto a chunk of ice .
A black and white dog with a chunk of snow it its mouth while walking on a snowy surface .
A brown and white dog is carrying a snowball .
A brown and white dog walks in the snow with a big chunk of snow in his mouth .
A long-haired brown and white dog carries a snowball in his mouth .
A boy in blue runs away from a woman in blue .
A lady is chasing after a little boy .
A little boy in a blue jacket is running and being chased by a woman .
A little boy in blue is being chased by a woman in blue .
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother .
Two dogs are swimming through deep water within close proximity to one another .
Two white dogs are swimming .
Two white dogs swim face to face in shady water .
Two white dogs swimming in the ocean .
White dog in the water .
A man exploring a cave .
a man wearing a blue hardhat with a lamp is standing in a crevice of a cave .
A man with a blue hat with a headlamp on it is standing in a cave .
A man with headlight gear is standing in a cave .
A worker wearing a hardhat is working inside a cave .
A dirt biker in the forest .
A dirt biker rides his motocycle through the woods .
A motocross bike is being ridden along a woodland path .
A motorcyclist navigates a forest trail .
A person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees .
The 2 runners are ready for the track .
Two people are in running race starting position with a long lane field ahead of them .
Two runners are at the starting blocks , readying for a race .
Two runners are at the starting line getting ready to race .
Two runners get ready to race on a track .
A dirty dog is running down a vacant road .
A dog is running on a pathway .
A dog running down a paved road .
A yellow dog runs down a dirt path .
Blonde dog running down road.
A guy riding a bike through mud and water .
A man on a red dirt bike drives in the mud , covered in spray .
A motor-cross rider in red splashes through mud and rain with his motorcycle .
A motorcycle racer has hit some mud on the track .
A person wearing a red and black uniform jumps on a motorbike .
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean .
A white dog is jumping in some cat tails .
A white dog leaps through dried cattails coming through the snow .
A white dog runs through dried cattails in a snowy field .
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass .
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing .
A boy grinds a ledge on his skateboard .
A boy is balancing his skateboard on a cement wall .
A boy performs a skateboard trick in a parking lot .
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall .
A brown haired woman wearing a red scarf near a stream .
A dark haired lady with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf .
A woman in a red scarf smiles for the camera .
A woman wearing a red scarf is standing on a hill by a winding road .
A woman wearing a red scarf smiles in front of a mountain background .
A group of people are in a swimming pool , being splashed .
A large water splash near three swimmers .
People are splashed by water coming down a shoot .
People in a pool and something just created a large splash .
Three people are in a pool dodging a giant splash .
A black dog in the middle of running or leaping .
A black dog is running quickly along the ground .
A rottweiler running .
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow .
There is a black and tan dog bounding through the air .
A man cross-country skis on a snowy path .
A man skies on the snowy ground among trees .
A man skiing through a wintry wooded area wearing a red jacket .
Cross-country skiers are traveling through a snowy forest .
People hike in the snow surrounded by trees .
A dog holds a smaller animal in its mouth .
A dog is nipping at the ear of another dog on a leash , in a park .
A large dog holding a smaller dog .
A small black and brown dog on a leash is jumping on a bigger tri-colored dog on a leash .
A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog .
A crowd surrounds a grounded hot air balloon .
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon .
A group of people climb into a hot air balloon .
A hot-air balloon getting filled .
People gathered around a hot air balloon in the process of inflating .
Three dogs are running down a snow covered hill .
Three dogs race in the snow together .
Three dogs running through the snow .
Three dogs walk together across a snowy field .
Two mostly white dogs are in the snow with a black and red dog .
A brown and white dog walks behind a brown cow .
A dog is running past a farm animal nearby a fence diving tall and short grass .
A dog running along beside a cow in a grassy field .
Dog and cow in field .
The brown and white dog ran through the green grass .
A chicken and a white dog in the mulch .
A dog and a chicken next to a building .
A white dog rests on a log as a chicken pecks at the ground .
Chicken pecking at the ground .
The white dog is ignoring the black and white chicken .
A person stands in front of a white and red bus .
A person with long hair and a black coat stands in the street in front of a bus while people on the sidewalk look on .
A woman in jeans and a black jacket standing on the road in front of a white and red bus .
Man with back to camera standing in front of a bus.
The person looks cautiously into traffic to be sure no car is coming .
A man drives a boat along a waterway lined with apartments .
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses .
A man steers a boat through the canal lined with colorful houses with red roofs .
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses .
A person on a boat in a canal .
A brown dog making a funny face while standing on a beach .
A brown dog shaking its head .
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head .
a brown dog wearing a chain collar on a mountain running crazily .
A dark brown dog rapidly shaking off .
A boy on a snowboard leaps through the air .
A man in a yellow hat is crouching on his snowboard .
A man in a blue shirt and green cap on a red snowboard .
A snowboarder flies through the air on a red snowboard in front of a snowy landscape .
A snowboarder landing on a pile of wood .
A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout .
Sumo wrestlers pushing against each other .
Two people are sumo wrestling .
Two sumo wrestlers in a fight .
Two sumo wrestlers wrestling .
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it .
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow .
A little black dog and a large brown dog are out in the snow .
Two dogs , a big dog and a small dog , run in the snow .
Two dogs are standing in snow , the smaller one barking at the larger one .
A group of people in a dim room .
A man and two women sit in a darkened room at a table with candles .
A man speaking with two women .
Patrons share a drink at nightclub .
Three people sit at table by red siren .
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent .
A woman and two kids sit in a straw hut with a blue blanket on the floor .
Three African children sitting in a bamboo tent .
Three young children are sitting on the floor of a grass hut .
Two children and one young woman inside a straw hut , looking outwards .
a person snowboarding on a refrigerator.
A refrigerator is stuck in a bank of snow , and a man is skiing on it .
A skier is using a refrigerator as a ramp .
A skier goes up a refrigerator in a snowbank .
A skier on the side of a refrigerator that 's in a snowbank with the sun in the background .
A dark haired man standing up singing and a man in a brown hat sitting playing guitar .
A man sings as another is playing guitar .
Singer and guitarist performing .
The man sang a song while another man played guitar .
two musicians singing and playing.
A bicyclist is doing a trick in midair .
A bicyler is performing a trick in the air .
A bmx rider makes a jump .
A man in a beanie doing a bike trick .
Picture of biker in midair of a jump .
A man in an orange shirt hitting a tennis ball with a racket .
A man plays tennis dressed in U of Miami colors .
A man wearing an orange shirt hits a ball with a tennis racket .
a tennis player hits the ball .
man dressed in orange and white hitting a tennis ball with racquet.
A man about to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis .
A man in an orange t-shirt and white wristbands plays tennis .
a man wearing an orange U Miami t-shirt playing tennis.
A tennis player in an orange shirt is lining up his racquet to strike the ball .
A biker performs before a crowd .
a lone motorcyclist jumping through the air in front of a large crowd .
A motorcycle rider is in midair in front of a crowd .
A person rides a bike high in the air as a crowd watches .
The motocross rider is jumping his dirt bike .
A man in a flowered shirt holds a microphone beside a violin player standing in a crowd of people .
A man is holding a violin whilst the woman plays it with the bow .
A man plays a violin at a concert while a man speaks into a microphone .
A violinist and a singer perform in front of people .
one man singing next to another man playing the violin .
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette .
a man smokes a cigarette .
a man wearing a blue shirt smoking a cigarette in front of a building.
A redheaded man smokes a cigarette while leaning his head forward .
man in blue shirt smoking.
A group of people performing .
An older man and two younger men perform in front of a group .
Performers onstage dancing and clapping .
The man is playing the acoustic guitar while the other men make gestures.
Two men gesture at each other , while a third plays guitar .
A dirt biker covered in mud racing.
A man on a dirt bike is covered in mud .
a motorcyclist riding covered head to toe with mud.
Man in a helmet riding a dirt bike covered with mud .
One motorcyclist covered in mud riding his motorcycle through the mud .
A boy on a skateboard rides down a red pole .
A male youth is grinding a rail on his skateboard .
A person skateboarding on a red rail .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
The boy is performing a trick on a red rail with a skateboard .
A swimmer comes up above the surface of the water for air .
A swimmer wearing a black cap surfaces for air .
a swimmer wearing a black hat and goggles is doing the butterfly stroke .
Person in goggles and black swim cap swimming.
Young man swimming , wearing swimming cap and protective goggles .
Children jumping off of cement .
Two children are jumping off a wall .
Two children standing on a wall .
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground .
Two young girls are jumping off of a steep step .
A man dives into a lake .
A man dives into the water surrounded by rocks and pine trees .
A man is diving into water near a shore .
A young man dives into water .
The man is diving into the water .
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck .
A group of warmly dressed people in the back of a truck .
A variety of folks in the back of a large wagon .
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck .
People are riding in a crowded truck bed .
Four dogs run in the grass .
Three dogs walking in the grass .
Two dogs are running in the field .
Two dogs run in the grass as a third dog watches from behind them .
Two large dogs running while a third watches .
A group of little boys playing indoor soccer .
Number 13 kicks a soccer ball towards the goal during children 's soccer game .
Several little boys play indoor soccer .
Soccer player # 13 takes a shot on goal with four defenders and a goalie .
The boys are playing soccer .
The ladies are talking .
Three women are smiling with paintings behind them .
Three women at an art gallery , two of the women holding wine glasses .
Three women talking and laughing , while 2 hold glasses of wine .
Three women talking , holding glasses of wine , with paintings in the background .
A girl and boy look at each other .
A girl smiles and a boy looks up at her .
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them .
Three asian people sitting down .
Two people looking at each other , a third person is not attentive .
A brown dog begins to bit the leg of a farm animal in the grass .
A brown dog biting a horse 's ankle .
A brown dog biting a horse 's leg .
A cattle dog nips the leg of an animal .
A dog nips at the leg of a horse .
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball .
Four women competing in beach volleyball beside a large body of water .
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball.
Girls in bikinis playing volleyball on the beach .
Women in bikinis play beach volleyball by the waterside .
A woman in formal riding gear riding her horse on the beach .
A woman is riding a brown horse on the shore of the ocean .
A woman on horseback , riding on the beach .
a woman riding a large brown horse on the beach.
Person on a horse on the beach .
A man in a beret and thin mustache gestures to two women in conversation .
A man wearing a black hat points at a woman in black while another woman looks on .
Suprised couple talking to woman .
The man in the black beret has a conversation with two women .
The man is pointing his finger down while two ladies look on .
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall .
A guy on a skateboard about to do a trick.
A kid in a white shirt and white hat and jeans skateboards down a ramp .
A rollerblader skates down a ramp with his arms in the air .
The skater throws his arms into the air as he skids down the concrete wall .
A basketball player tries to aim for the goal while being blocked by other players .
A basketball player with several blockers .
A group of high school basketball players play a game .
a group of basketball players trying to get the ball from another player .
A young man in a white uniform holds a basketball surrounded by members of the opposing team wearing green .
A chipmunk stands on the edge of a field and road.
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around .
A squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a road .
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass .
The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .
A brown toy dog is running across low snow with tail raised .
A little brown dog is running in the snow .
A small brown dog is running across snow .
A small brown dog running in snow .
The small brown dog runs in the snow .
A dirt biker participates in a race .
A dirt bike tears up the terrain .
A man on a bike throws up dirt during a motor cross event .
a motocross bike kicks up dirt as it is being ridden around a bend in the circuit .
A person in a blue outfit rides a motorcycle through a hill of dirt .
A downhill skier races down the snowy hillside as the sun shines above in a clear sky .
A lone skier goes down an empty hill under a blue sky .
A skier is skiing alone in fresh powder on a sunny day .
A skier on a slope .
A skier traveling downhill through mostly untouched snow .
A group stands on tan checkered tiles .
many people stand around reading .
People are standing on a railway platform reading newspapers .
People stand reading papers while waiting for a subway .
People waiting for train on tiled platform .
A black greyhound in white and green coming up on the rear of a white greyhound in yellow and black in a race .
A greyhound running on a track .
Racing dog with yellow number 8 vest.
The greyhound is running in a race .
The racing dog has a muzzle and is wearing striped jersey # 8 .
A large white bird flies out of the water .
a large white bird takes flighht out of the water .
a large white crane flying through the air over the water .
A white crane is flying above some water .
White dove glides above water .
Two dogs run along the green grass near the water .
Two dogs running past a tree .
Two dogs run through a field .
Two dogs run through grass near a body of water .
Two grey dogs run near the water on a manicured lawn in the fall .
A red-haired woman carries a baby on her chest in a carrier .
A redheaded woman with a baby in a harness .
A woman holding a baby in a pouch on the front of her body .
A woman is carrying a sleeping baby in a sling on her chest .
The woman holds a small infant in a baby carrier on her chest .
A band playing in a dark indoor area .
A three person band performs on a small stage .
Live band at underground cabana.
The silhouettes of a man on the left , a woman with arms up in the middle , and woman on the right .
Three people are in a dimly lit room with gold walls decorated with red ovals and black lettering .
A dear jumps the fence .
A deer is jumping over a fence .
A deer jumping over a fence .
A deer jumps a fence .
Doe jumps over wood and wire fence.
The two dogs are rolling on a purple blanket .
Two dogs lay on their backs on a purple bedspread .
Two dogs lay upside down on a purple bed .
Two dogs lying on their backs on the purple bed .
Two large dogs lying on their backs on a purple comforter .
People picking in a marsh .
People standing in mud .
Two people are planting small bushes near a grassy area .
Two people working in mud .
two people working in water next to field.
Four girls are playing volleyball on a sandy beach near ocean .
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach .
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach .
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach .
Girls in bikinis are playing a game of volleyball near a body of water .
A man has dreadlocks .
A man in a red shirt with dreadlocks is holding one cheek .
A man talks on his cellphone as he walks down the street .
a man with dreadlocks talks on his cellphone .
The man in the read sweatshirt has his hair in dreadlocks .
A person in black covering their face with their hands .
A woman covering her eyes in a park as the day comes to an end.
A woman is covering her eyes with her hands .
Person in black jacket standing with hands over eyes with street lights on in the background .
The man with brown hair in the black sweater is covering his face with his hands .
A person in a knit hat hiding their face with a scarf .
A person in winter clothes covers their face with a sweater .
A woman in a park wearing a hat and holding a scarf over her face .
A woman outside covers her face with fabric .
The adult is covering their face with a piece of clothing outside.
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him .
A black dog is chasing another black dog that 's carrying a ball in its mouth .
A black dog is chasing another black dog who is holding a ball , a wheel , and some red rope .
A black dog runs with a deflated ball and a tiny tire .
one black dog running with a ball and small tire in his mouth while another black dog follows .
A group of people are wearing bunny ears .
A group of people , several of which are wearing fuzzy pink antennae .
A Group of people wearing white head bands with two white fluffy balls on each one .
A group of women with pink bunny ears walk outside .
several people walking down the street wearing pink fluffy headbands.
Asian women standing near a pole .
Several Asian women are standing on the street .
The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner , all with book bags on their shoulders .
These girls are standing near a street corner with cars in the background .
Women stand on the street .
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field .
A black dog and a brown and white dog running in the grass .
A black dog and a white and brown dog running in a grassy field.
Two dogs running in a field .
Two dogs run through the grass .
Three dogs playing on grass .
three dogs playing together in a grassy field with trees in the background.
Three dogs play with each other out in the field .
Three dogs wrestle in the grass .
Two black and one white dog interacting in the grass .
A male teenager rides his skateboard onto a large rock .
A man gets a skateboard up on a big rock .
An adolescent wearing a blue striped shirt is skateboarding on a rock inside of a large building .
A skateboarder wearing blue flannel is skating on a rock at a skate park .
Man in blue hat and blue and black striped shirt doing skateboarding trick on rock .
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball .
A black and white dog leaping to catch an orange ball in an open field .
A dog jumps to catch a ball in a grassy field .
A dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball .
Black and white dog is jumping into the air to catch a ball outside .
A toddler boy in a sailor suit and a little girl run in the sand .
Two kids run through grey sand .
Two small children walk down a sandy beach .
two smiling kids walking on sand.
Two young children are on sand .
Four people are walking on a bridge .
Four people walk on a bridge over a body of water .
People walking on a bridge over water .
Several people are walking along a narrow bridge over some water .
several people walking in a line acroos a distant bridge.
A hiker walks through the snowfield .
The two people carrying skis are walking in the snow .
Two people hike up a snowy hill .
Two people hiking up a snow covered mountain.
Two skis hike uphill , through a barren , snowy landscape .
A black dog is running through the snow .
A black Labrador bounds across the snow .
A little black dog is running on the snow .
A small black dog runs through the white snow .
The black dog is running through the snow .
A man sits alone in a diner reading a book .
A man sits in a booth at a diner .
The kitchen worker at a restaurant observes the dining room , including a man in a red jacket .
This is the inside of a small restaurant , with a cook in the background , and two men in booths .
Two men are sitting by themselves in a cafe .
Two black and white dogs and one has something blue in its mouth .
Two black and white dogs run through a field .
Two white dogs are running through a field .
Two white dogs run along a light colored field and one has a blue toy .
Two white dogs with black spots jumping through the grass .
A hair dresser is applying permed on a client 's hair in a salon .
A woman in a salon gets her hair colored and permed.
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon .
The woman who is standing is looking at the hair of the woman who is sitting .
Woman in salon is giving her customer a perm .
People pose for the picture while sitting on a bed .
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera .
Two women pose for a picture in a bedroom .
Two young women are sitting on a bed beside some posters .
Two young women sit on a bed .
A crowd of people in the street at night .
A young girl sits atop a lady 's shoulders as they revel with the celebrating crowd .
Two woman and a child look at each other while a night party scene goes on behind them .
Two women and a child celebrating at a nighttime party .
Two women and one young girl are together in a crowded area .
A man , two women , and two dogs on a beach with buildings in the background .
Three people and a white dog are sitting in the sand on a beach .
Three people on a city beach with two little dogs .
Two girls wrestle in the sand at the beach as a tan dog walks by .
Two women wrestle at the beach next to a city .
A halway has a sign that says " PORT DU CASQUE OBLIGATOIRE " and some graffiti .
a kid doing tricks on the wall with his bmx bike.
A man in a grey hooded sweatshirt rides his bicycle on a half pipe .
A person rides his bike over graffiti drawn on the ground .
A picture of a skateboard ramp and a french sign .
a boy carries a teenager on his back .
A boy struggles to carry a girl on his back .
A person wearing a black shirt is getting a piggy-back ride from a person wearing a black t-shirt walkng on a paved path in the woods .
A teenage boy gives another teenage boy a piggy back ride in a forest .
The boy is carrying the other boy .
A group of dogs , chickens and a turkey stand by a bucket .
Five white puppies and several chickens compete for food.
Many white puppies are eating food near several brown roosters .
Puppies , chickens and a turkey examining bucket contents on dirt .
Some chicken , dogs , and a turkey are trying to get some food out of a white bucket .
A brown dog is being attacked by two other dogs .
Three dogs appear to be playing rough inside a fenced enclosure .
three dogs playfully wrestle .
Two dogs standing and one dog laying down on its back .
Two standing dogs and one brown dog lying on its back interact .
A bearded man in a blue shirt ls laughing while a suited mustached man holds up a glass .
A man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs .
There is a man with a blue shirt on and man with a gray coat on holding cups .
Two men have fun drinking.
two men wearing nametags having a drink and smiling.
A male freestyle rock-climber perches half-way up a pitted stone face .
A man attached to a harness is climbing a rock wall .
A man climbing a rock with a rope hanging down and safety clips on his waist belt .
A man in pants scaling the side of a cliff .
A man is climbing a rock wall .
a boy smiles by the pool .
A laughing young boy is near a swimming pool .
A young boy outside by the pool , smiling .
The child is laughing by a pool on the other side of the bars .
Young boy in a dark green shirt , behind a black fence near a pool .
A swan is flying through a body of water .
A swan preparing for flight across the pond.
A swan taking off from a lake.
The white swan is taking off from the water .
White bird flying above water .
A man who is resting his head on his hand .
A person wearing a white shirt sits and makes a face .
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand .
A woman resting her face on her hand .
This man appears to be sleeping while resting his head on his hand .
A man lying down with a maroon cloth over his eyes and someone standing over him wearing flip flops .
A man napping on the ground with a shirt over his eyes with a person standing beside him .
A man on the pavement shielding his eyes with his t-shirt .
A man wearing a maroon shirt tied around his face is laying on the cement.
A man with a dark red shirt covering his face rests on the pavement near a person 's feet .
A group of people stands by their dogs in a field .
Four dog owners stand with their three prize winning dogs .
Four people holding three dogs in a field .
Four people stand with their dogs in a field .
These four people are standing outdoors , with 3 dogs .
Children hang on a wall next to water .
Four boys in swimming trunks lean on the cement edge of a pool with their legs in the water .
Four boys in water are hanging on to the concrete ledge .
Four children in the pool .
sveral young boys climbing out of the water on a concrete sidewalk.
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire .
A child playing with fire .
A little girl in a pink top is spinning a stick that has been set on fire .
Child holding an object that is on fire .
Little girl holds flaming object at sunset .
A man rides a skateboard off of a picnic table over the steps .
a man skateboard down a railing .
A skateboarder is jumping off a wooden table down some steps .
Onlookers watch as a man on a skateboard attempts a trick off a table sitting on stairs .
People watch as a man does skateboard tricks down a table on the steps .
A biker going up a path lined with red tape .
a bmx rider takes air along the course .
A motocross rider does a jump in the woods .
Biker in colorful clothes riding a trail .
The mountain bike is being ridden on a trail through the wood that is marked out by red tape .
A sandy brown dog is playing with a soccer ball outside .
A tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball .
A tan dog is playing with a soccer ball .
A yellow dog plays with a soccer ball .
The yellow dog is playing with a soccer ball .
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building.
A man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .
A older couple next to the box office .
Eldery couple wearing hats looking at tickets on the street .
Old man and woman in jackets facing each other.
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow .
A man is snowboarding over a caution sign .
A person doing a jump with their snowboard over a orange and white caution sign .
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign .
A snowboarder jumping over a road warning .
A basketball player in blue is attempting to block a player in white during a game .
The men are playing basketball .
Two basketball players play in a game .
Two black men playing basketball in a gym .
Two men from opposite teams play basketball together .
A basketball player jumps to make the shot while another tries to stop him .
Man in blue sport uniform with basketball in right hand attempting to score basket while being blocked by player in white uniform .
The basketball player in white is defending the basket against the player wearing blue .
Two basketball players oppose each other at the net .
Two men are playing basketball and one is trying to block the others shot .
A basketball player in a blue jersey holds the ball high .
A basketball player is getting ready to shoot a hoop.
A man in blue uniform about to throw a basketball .
A man wearing a blue basketball jersey is shooting the basketball .
A young man shooting hoops .
A black dog is running along a muddy stream surrounded by fall foliage .
A black dog is running down a path .
A curly clack dog is running down a natural path .
Dark colored dog leaping down a path .
Fuzzy dark gray dog running along a dirt path with weeds on the sides .
A man helps up a woman who has fallen after kicking a soccer ball .
One soccer player is laying on the ground with his arms in the air whilst the other runs towards the ball .
One soccer player runs past a fallen teammate towards the ball .
Two men playing soccer , one sliding one running towards the ball .
Two people in brown uniforms playing in a soccer match .
A basketball player concentrating on keeping the ball from other players .
A basketball player holding a basketball .
The basketball player in blue is running between two players in white .
The man in blue has the basketball while the man on the left watches and the man on the right tries to stop him .
Two basketball teams compete .
a basketball player dribbles .
A basketball player for North Carolina moves with the ball in hand .
A man in a blue jersey plays basketball .
A North Carolina basketball player dribbles the ball .
The basketball player holds the ball .
A brown dog bares its fangs .
A German shepherd on a leash barking up at somebody .
A leashed dog holds its mouth open wide .
Brown dog barking at something off camera , green background .
The brown and black dog has his mouth open .
A brown dog is fetching something in its mouth on a field .
A dog in a field holding something in its mouth .
A dog is carrying something in his mouth .
A dog with a choke collar is holding a gauntlet in its mouth .
A large black and brown dog is carrying something in its mouth while walking on grass .
A little girl runs in the park , looking at somthing out of frame .
A young girl walks quickly outside .
Girl running past a bench .
The girl is running through a park near a wooden park bench .
Young girl in green shirt and sandals runs down the street.
Two Asian women in red bottoms , one in a blue top , one in a white top , leaning down over something while the woman in the blue top smiles .
Two dark haired girls looking down at something.
Two girls looking down at something , one is smiling .
Two girls with red shirts tied at their waists are laughing while looking down .
Two teenage girls , one is smiling .
a lady looks surprised .
an asian girl looking surprised in front of a brick window.
An Asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says " Radio ".
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall .
girl wearing radio t-shirt has open mouth.
A crowd of people wearing red shirts runs along a city road .
A group of people in red are running down the road .
A large group of men and woman all wearing red t-shirts participate in a race .
The people in orange t-shirts are jogging on the street .
There are hundreds of people with red shirts running a marathon .
A young woman dressed in black and another with purple hair hold up signs offering free hugs .
Two girls are holding up signs offering ' free hugs '.
Two people with signs reading " Free Hug " are staring with people nearby .
Two women , one with purple hair , holding signs advertizing free hugs .
Two women with signs that say " Free hugs " .
A busy city street with many people walking along it .
A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
Chinese market street in the winter time .
People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
A girl and guy holding signs and hugging .
A man and a woman hugging .
A man holding a sign and a blonde woman are embracing outdoors .
A man in green holding a sign hugs a blond woman .
Man with sign hugging woman .
A guy on a snowboard grinding .
A snowboarder is attempting a trick down an outside railing .
Person in gray jacket and blue pants balancing board on handrail.
The snowboarder is grinding on a silver rail in the nighttime snow .
The snow borader is riding a rail .
A couple hug each other and pose for the camera in front of a pond in the snow .
A man and woman embrace near a river in winter .
A man and woman standing next to each other in the snow by a lake .
The happy couple enjoys the scenic winter stream .
Two people stand in front of a lake in the snow and pose for a picture .
A group poses for a picture in front of a frozen waterfall .
Four people crouched near an ice formation .
Four people sitting in the snow at the base of a frozen waterfall .
There are four people dressed in warm clothes sitting in the snow in front of a huge piece of ice .
Two couples pose for a picture in the winter .
A bird flying over the water .
A blue bird flying over water .
A gray bird is flying over the water .
A large bird spreading his wings in flight over a body of water .
A large gray bird begins to land in the water .
A girl in a Burka is learning vocabulary in a classroom .
A man points to a blackboard to show a child something .
A man teaches English to a young girl in a rural African village .
one person pointing at a chalkboard with a student looking on.
The man writes something on the chalkboard to teach the girl who is standing next to him .
Africans gather water at an outdoor tap .
Africans wearing colorful clothing gather behind a fence .
A tribal group filling water jugs in the desert .
People filling a large black container with water .
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
A person jumping down a hill on his snowboard in the winter.
A snowboarder glides down a stair rail .
A snowboarder goes down a short hill next to stairs .
A snowboarder is going down a snowy hill next to a staircase behind a building .
Person snowboarding on hill near snow covered stairs with buildings nearby .
A climber in a red shirt is secured by a rope as he looks down a crevasse .
A man is climbing a steep rock wall with a safety harness on.
A person in a red shirt and black pants rock climbing .
A rock climber goes sideways .
Person with red shirt and black pants climbing a rock .
A girl is comforting a small child who fell on the ice while skating.
A mother and child sit on the ice at a crowded rink .
A mother is consoling her daughter on the sidewalk .
A woman is holding a crying baby on the floor of a busy ice rink .
A woman sitting on the ground and comforting a crying child.
A black and a black dog are running side by side .
A Rotweiler with a tennis ball in its mouth and a black lab running in the snow .
Two black dogs run with a tennis ball across the snowy dirt .
Two dogs run in the snow ; one has a ball .
Two dogs run through the snow , one with a tennis ball .
A child and parent pet a horse .
A family pets a brown and white pony.
A man holding a baby who is petting a pony .
A toddler is petting a brown and cream colored pony .
The man holds the child while the child pets a brown horse .
The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .
The teenagers are fighting over a basketball during a game .
Two basketball players fighting over control of a ball .
Two basketball players struggle for the ball .
Two males , one in red and one in white playing a basketball game .
A cricket batter , dressed all in white , makes a hit.
A man , dressed in white and wearing a red cap , plays on the grass .
A man in a rugby uniform hitting a ball in a grassy field .
A man playing cricket.
Cricket player with red cap hits the ball outdoors .
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel .
A man doing some sort of trick .
A man in black perfors on a skateboard .
A man is jumping over a barrel on a skateboard.
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area .
A boy leans on a baseball bat and holds out one arm outstreached .
A child with a hat stands with a bat .
A young boy poses in a field with a baseball bat .
A young boy with a baseball bat holing his arm out .
The boy is wearing a green cap and holding a black baseball bat .
A German shepherd biting the protected arm of an attack trainer .
A man training a dog to attack his padded arm .
A man wearing protective clothing is being bitten on the arm by a dog .
A man with a stick and arm protection is being bitten by a large dog .
The man wearing padded clothing is fending off an attack by a dog .
A big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric .
A blonde dog is standing beside a blonde puppy , who is trying to get a stuffed animal from the adult dog .
An adult golden retriever and a puppy are playing tug of war with a brown toy .
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy .
The small , golden dog is attempting to take a furry object from a larger look-alike.
Two brown dogs sniff in the grass .
Two brown dogs wrestle on the grassy hill .
Two dogs playing in the grass .
Two greyish-brown dogs looking at something in the grass .
Two Weimeraners in a field .
A man is playing a guitar next to another man who is sitting behind a green cart wearing a mask .
A man plays a guitar while another man sits next to him wearing a mask .
On the street a man sits and plays the drums while a man standing beside him plays the guitar .
Two guys are on the side of the street playing a guitar and drums .
Two men next to a building playing a guitar and drums .
A black and brown dog walking in deep snow .
A black dog runs down a snowy hill with his legs deep in the snow .
A dog shoulder-deep in snow .
A dog up to its belly in the snow attempts to move .
The dog runs in the deep snow .
A body boarder with yellow flippers gets thrown around by a wave .
A man boogie boarding sails over the wave .
A man wearing a blue wetsuit is wakeboarding through a big wave .
A surfer in blue surfs a wave .
The man is tossed from his boogie board by a large wave .
A couple is sharing a kiss on a cold sunny day .
A couple kissing on a sidewalk in a city during winter .
a man in a tan jacket is kissing a girl in a pink jacket on a city street as a yellow taxi passes by .
Teen girl in a parka kissing teen boy in a brown jacket on a snowy street.
Two people in coats kiss on the side of a road .
A man is standing in front of a brick storefront wearing a black jacket .
A man standing on a city street .
The man is in front of a building.
Young man in warm coat outside storefront .
Young man with cap and buttoned coat stands before building .
A fashionably dressed woman holding a record in a frame at a used bookstore .
A girl and a guy shop for records in a music store .
A man and woman look at music cds .
A woman holds a framed piece of art at a store while another man shops .
Shoppers in a record store .
A group of people are standing in a field flying kites .
A large amount of persons flying kites in a park .
A large group of people fly kites on a sunny day .
Many people fly kites in a park .
People are gathered flying kites on a hillside .
A guy is doing a skateboard trick in front of a crowd .
A man is skateboarding in front of a group of people .
A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a large crowd .
A skateboarder leaping from a pool in front of a crowd .
Skateboarder does tricks in front of crowd while photographer watches.
A guy in boarding shorts is trying to do a flip or handstand on the beach .
A man doing an acrobatic move on the seashore .
A man is doing a back flip on a beach in front of the ocean .
A man turning a somersault at the beach .
A shirtless man is doing a back flip on a beach .
A little white and brown dog runs through brown grass .
A small dog runs through a field .
Brown and white dog runs through brush .
Small dog running through a field .
The dog is running full speed through the meadow .
A man in a full wetsuit surfs a crashing wave .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on a green surfboard .
A man surfs in the curl of the wave .
A person surfing a wave .
A surfer rides out a wave .
A flock of birds fly away with food in their beaks .
A seagull flies under another with food while three others follow .
Four birds are chasing another bird which has a piece of food in its mouth.
Seagulls fighting over a scrap of bread .
Several birds flying in front of trees .
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog is fetching a stick in a country setting .
A dog is standing in the fenced in field with a stick in his mouth .
A dog runs through a field with a stick in his mouth .
The brown dog is bringing back a stick on green grass .
A guy snowboarding down a hill .
A skier in a ski suit is skiing downhill , near a fence .
A skier races down the mountain .
A slalom skier moving quickly downhill .
Competing skier going down the course leaning to make a sharp turn .
A man skis down the hill , spraying snow in the air , ski lifts in the background .
A person is skiing .
a skier going down a hill with cable cars in the background.
A skier descends the snowy ski slope beneath the ski lift .
Person skiing on slope near ski lift.
A boy plays a game with wooden blocks .
A child playing with building blocks on a wooden table .
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks .
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks .
Boy in blue shirt looking at someone 's hand near stack of blocks on table .
A chinese festival .
Men smiles in front of chinese market .
People gather outdoors at a market .
Several people walk past tents with lanterns set up on the street .
White tents lined up with red Chinese lanterns hanging from them.
A brown dog is jumping up at a black and white dog .
A chow jumps on a huskey .
A smaller orange dog putting its head on a larger black and white dog.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt .
Two dogs play in a large fenced-in area , while two men watch from a distance .
A black and white dog looking at the camera .
A miniature breed dog is running in a straw strewn field .
A small dog is standing in a field .
Dog standing with 1 foot up in a large field .
The little dog with big ears is in the field .
A man jumps train cars with his bike .
A man on a bmx bike jumps over a train.
A person is in the air while riding his bicycle on top of the train on a clear blue sky day .
A person is jumping over a train car while on their bicycle .
A person on a bicycle moving across the top of a train .
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen .
A man in a black shirt and jeans is backing away from a fire on a stove .
an Asian man is cooking on dish that is on fire in a commercial style kitchen .
A pan on the stove in flames , a cook with an intense expression on his face .
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan .
A large vehicle drives through a mud puddle .
A large vehicle travels through a bumpy and muddy path .
An off road vehicle driving through a mud puddle .
An SUV traveling through mud .
A sport utility vehicle is driving through deep and muddy water .
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city .
A black man is walking past a building on a busy sidewalk .
A man in a black leather jacket walks next to a white brick building in a big city .
A man is looking into the distance whilst people behind him walk between buildings .
A man walking next to a grey brick wall .
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence .
A man jumps a bicycle down a porch stairway too close to the fence .
Man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle .
Narrow streetway in old village .
The boy is on blue bike and is above a fence .
A brown dog chases something a man behind him threw on the beach .
A man and a dog on the beach .
A man is interacting with a dog that is running in the opposite direction .
A man playing fetch with his dog on a beach .
A man walking behind a running dog on the beach .
A beautiful white dog walking in the brown grass .
A white dog plays in the grass .
A white dog walks over the short grass .
The white dog walks along the dead grass with its tongue out .
White dog walking outside .
A group of four guys wearing tutu.
An all-male band performing in tutus.
Four male members of a band wear all white outfits that include white skirts over white pants .
Men dressed in tutus perform a musical act onstage .
Men wearing tutus sing and play guitars onstage .
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust.
A man in a red jacket and goggles is skiing in a flurry of snow .
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board .
A snowboarder wearing orange is going down a mountain .
The snowboarder crashes down the snow covered mountain .
A black and white dog is chewing on a camera .
A black and white dog rests its head on a camera .
A puppy plays with a camera .
Black and white dog chewing on a canon camera setting in the grass the camera is black and white .
Black and white puppy gnaws camera .
A person in a green shirt jumping on a lawn near several other crowds of people .
A person with a green shirt jumps high over the grass .
A young boy in a green shirt is jumping .
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air.
Young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread .
A brown dog playing with a tennis ball on a beach.
A dog playing in the waves with a ball .
A dog plays with a ball at the beach .
A small brown dog plays with a ball on the beach .
Brown dog jumping near water on the beach .
a boy in a red hooded top is ice skating on an outdoor ice rink .
A child in a red hoodie and black pants ice skating in a rink .
A kid in a red sweatshirt ice skating .
Kid in red sweatshirt ice skating.
Young boy in red hoodie ice skating .
A dirt biker rides through some trees .
A man is riding a mountain bike through woodland .
A mountain biker is racing through a shaded trail .
A mountain biker wearing a colorful helmet rides downhill .
Mountain biker in red striped helmet rides through the trees .
A large crowd dressed in renaissance attire gathers together in a city street .
People are dressed in Victorian outfits in a crowded outdoor area .
Some people in medieval costume are walking through a crowded street .
street scene of elegant dressed people of older times.
There is a large gathering of people in costumes outside on the street .
A troupe of flamboyant clowns .
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera .
Three clowns in bright , multi-colored costumes .
Three colorful clowns with ballons posing next to another plastic clown .
three people are dressed up as clowns in a city street .
A little girl on the sidewalk close to the road is playing with three hula hoops.
A little girl plays with a hula hoop on the sidewalk in a residential neighborhood .
A small child is playing with hula-hoops in a yard of a neighborhood .
A small girl dressed in a red sweater playing hula hoop on a sidewalk in a neighborhood .
The girl on the sidewalk is using a hula hoop .
People in white standing on sports field while crowd watches from stands.
Three ball players in uniform stretch on a striped green surface in front of a large crowd and signage .
Three baseball players are on the field while a large crowd is watching.
Three men stand on a sports field in front of a large crowd .
Three men wearing white uniforms stand on a grass field in front of a crowd .
A man wearing a blue shirt holds up a piece of art .
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art .
man holding black paper with white illustration.
The man in the blue shirt shows of a picture .
The man in the blue smock and beret holds up a brass rubbing .
A black bird carrying a small branch .
A black bird flies while carrying a small tree branch in its beak .
A black bird in the air with leaves in its mouth .
Black bird flying with a leafy branch in its mouth .
The bird is carrying a plant in its mouth while flying .
A group of men playing hockey .
A team of hockey players , with one player taking a shot .
Hockey players with one taking a shot .
Six hockey players of the same team are skating around waiting for the puck .
There is an ice hockey game in progress .
A cheerleader in a red uniform poses in a parade .
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress .
A woman in red and white poses in a parade.
A woman in red and white standing in the middle of the street .
a young girl wearing a colorful outfit dancing down the street in a performance .
A guy on a skateboard griding down a handrail .
A kid skateboards down a set of railings on a snowy day .
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps .
A snowboarder riding down a railing .
boy skateboarding down a stair railing in winter.
A man skiing down a hill .
A man skis down a snowy hill .
A person skis downhill .
a skier dressed in black speeds down the mountain .
Closeup of a skier with his poles out wide to the side .
A person in a white coat and pink pants snowboards at the " snow park " .
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding .
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park .
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowbank in a snow park.
A woman in white jacket snowboarding at a park .
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A brown and white dog is running with a ball in its mouth on grass in front of a fence .
A brown and white dog runs beside a wooden fence with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A brown dog is running by a wooden fence with a ball in its mouth .
A man stands on a mountaintop .
Mountain peaks in the foreground and distance .
One person stands and another sits on the summit of a mountain .
Two people at the top of a mountain .
Two people stand at the peak of a mountain .
A man in a red coat skiing .
A man in red is skiing down a snow slope .
A man wearing a red coat is skiing in the snow .
A skier outfitted in red on a snow-covered mountain .
A snow skier in a red top and black pants moving down a hill .
A man going down the hill in the snow.
A person bicycling through deep snow .
A skier in a bright green jacket sliding downhill .
Person in green jacket and backpack biking through snow.
The man wearing a green jacket is riding a bike through deep snow .
A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .
A boy with a basketball .
A young boy playing basketball .
Boy with american flag shirt bounces basketball .
The boy dribbles the ball in the playground .
A boy in black pants and green t-shirt jumps high with his skateboard .
A guy on a skateboard , jumping off some steps .
A person in a green shirt on a skateboard jumping off of a short set of stairs .
a skateboarder in a green shirt is taking a jump of a step in front of a pink building .
He is in the air on his skateboard .
A person in a red jacket snowboarding .
A person wearing a red coat snowboards down a snowy hill .
a snowboarder in red rides down the slope .
A snowboarder wearing a red jacket is boarding down the snowy hill .
The snowboarder is wearing a red jacket and black helmet .
A woman in a lavish orange dress dances with a man in all black clothing .
A woman in an orange dress is dancing with a man in a black suit .
A woman in bright orange dress dances with man.
two dancers dance together .
Two people dance in costume .
A man is holding a treat up in the air and a dog is in midair trying to grab it while another dog watches .
A man is playing with two dogs in his yard .
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs .
The man holds up something in his hand to get the dogs to jump .
The man is playing in the yard with two dogs .
Bicycle racers being cheered on by some people .
Bicycle road racers passing a group of cheering spectators .
Crowds cheer on cyclists as they complete a race to the finish .
People on bicycles riding through a group of onlookers .
Racers on bikes riding past a crowd .
A boy in a headband plays drums .
A drummer is sitting behind a drum kit near to someone playing a guitar .
A man in a white headband plays the drums at a concert .
A man with a white headband playing drums .
The boy is playing drums .
A basketball player from one team making a rebound while three players oppose him .
A basketball player in orange has the ball while three others in blue and white defend .
Basketball player in orange trying to score through three men from the opposing team .
Four men are playing in a basketball game .
Three basketball players in white are defending against the attacking player with the ball in orange .
Four human figures are backlit by a sunset .
Four men with a sunset in background .
Four people and the sun .
four people are in silhouette whilst watching the sunset .
Four people watch the sunset .
a man with a tattoo on his arm cooking something in a frying pan .
A man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan .
A person with a tattooed arm holds a frying pan over a mixing bowl .
Hands holding a frying pan .
The person with the tattoos is holding a dirty frying pan .
A far off view of a surfer and a person on a seedoo .
A man on a jet ski is watching a surfer ride the waves .
A person surfing a big wave .
A surfer catches a wave as a man on a jet ski looks on in case of an accident .
A surfer in a red shirt is under a large wave .
A black and white dog is running over grass .
A dog is running through the yard.
A shaggy black and white dog is running on the grass .
The black and white dog is running on a green yard .
The black and white dog is running outdoors .
A man and a woman ride scooter like vehicles.
a man and woman are riding scooters through a field of grass and clover .
Two adults - a male and a female - are standing on scooters in a field of yellow flowers .
Two people on scooters in a field of flowers .
Two people wearing helmets ride over the yellow and white flowers .
A boy playing on a chain at a beach.
A child begins to climb over a chain with water on the other side .
A child crossing a chain fence to get to the water .
A child is climbing over a chain leading to open water .
A young boy on the beach by ropes .
A crowd scene in front of mosque .
A large group is shown in the street .
A lot of people are gathered around a mosque-like building .
Busy marketplace in an Arabian country .
There are a lot of people in front of a tan building with colorful squares hanging from the top .
a group enjoying a day at the park in their trekkies.
A group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .
Several children wearing red sweaters are riding tricycles in the park .
several people dressed alike are traveling down a curvy road on scooters .
The brightly colored rider is riding down a countryside hill on a scooter .
A group of bike riders are riding on the street .
A group of bike riders with helmets riding on a street .
A group of people are riding bicycles through a marathon .
A man riding an unsual bike in a bike race .
Many people are in the bicycle racing , including one man in a three-wheeled bike .
A girl waits outside a Domino 's Pizza.
A girl wearing a hat near a Domino 's Pizza sign .
A girl with a purple beanie sits and waits at Domino 's Pizza .
A little girl in a purple hat is starring .
The girl is standing outside and holding on to her necklace .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground.
A boy in blue jeans runs on the track at the local school .
A boy in jeans runs on a track .
A boy runs on colorful lines .
A small boy running track.
A girl asleep in a bus seat.
A woman , curled up , sleeps in her seat on a bus .
A woman is asleep on a chair on a bus .
A young lady , asleep on a train .
The girl is sleeping in the seat .
A girl with a beanie stands in front of a window that reflects a Domino 's Pizza sign .
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino 's Pizza sign .
A young woman in a knit cap smiles next to a sign for pizza .
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino 's Pizza .
The girl standing outside a pizza shop wearing a purple hat .
a lone snowboarder jumping on the side of a snowy mountain .
A scene of snow and water .
A snowboarder jumping in the air off of snow .
A snowboarder is making a jump over a hillside with deep powder located in the woods .
A snowboarder jumps high over the snowy hill .
A bicycle racer in full helmet speeds through a dim forest .
A biker dressed in white rides through the forest .
A mountain biker wearing white races through a turn .
a person on a motorbike , riding through the woods.
riding a bike through the woods.
