A dirt bike rider jumps into the air and does a trick .
A guy doing tricks on his motorcycle next to fireworks .
a lone motorcyclist jumping in midair with his legs in the air and sparks flying in the background.
A motorcycle daredevil making a high jump .
A stunt man does a bike trick up in the air while fireworks go off around him.
A brown dog is sitting on a cobbled pavement .
A brown god relaxes on a brick sidewalk .
A dog lies down on a cobblestone street .
A yellow dog is lying near where people are walking .
The dog is lying on the cobblestone street .
A child looks into a giant bubble .
A kid in yellow poking his face inside a bubble .
Asian boy puts his head inside a large bubble .
a young boy sticking his head inside a huge bubble.
Child in yellow shirt with head inside of a large bubble .
A young couple inspect merchandise from a street vendor .
People are gathering around a table of food and outside a taxi wisks by .
Three people prepare a table full of food with a police car in the background .
two people look at a street vendor .
Two women and a man at a food counter in dim lights .
Two people sit on a dock near the water .
Two people sit on a dock next to each other watching the sunset .
Two people sit on the end of a dock .
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water .
Two people sitting on a dock .
A person does a handstand with a snowboard on a yellow ramp .
A snowboarder doing a handstand on a ramp .
A snowboarder hangs upside down from his board during a maneuver in front of a crowd of people .
A snowboarder is performing a stunt in front of a crowd of spectators .
The snowboarder does a trick off of a yellow pyramid .
A group of men in white shirts and dark shorts are running on an athletic field .
A group of people in matching uniforms jogging around a track .
A group of soccer players run a lap .
A team of men jog around orange cones .
A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field .
A crowd of people watching a snowboarder do tricks .
A crowd watching a skateboarder .
A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a large crowd .
Spectators watch as a snowboarder does a trick .
The kid is showing off on his skateboard in front of a large crowd .
A boy chasing a yellow ball .
A child in a red and black striped shirt plays with a yellow ball on a wooden deck .
A little boy in a red striped shirt about to head a soccer ball .
A young boy is punching a yellow ball .
A young boy moving towards a yellow ball .
A barechested man surfs on a white surfboard .
A boy surfs .
A boy surfs on a wave .
A man jumps over a wave while riding a surfboard .
A person on a surfboard in the ocean .
A bull charges out of the gates at a rodeo .
A bull runs in an arena while people watch .
A man in a cowboy hat rides a bull at a rodeo .
Rodeo rider on charging bull .
The bull is running with a yellow fence behind him .
A speed boat jumps over waves in the water .
A speedboat rips through the water .
People in a boat floating above waves .
Someone is in a speed boat on the water .
Two people drive a small motor boat on choppy water .
A large white bird flying over water .
A stork flying low over the water .
A swan is flying above water .
a white crane flying through the air over some water .
A white heron flies into the sky .
A little girl in jeans runs across the green field .
A little girl runs across the grass toward the trees .
a young girl wearing a black shirt and blue jeans running through the grass .
Person in dark slacks and top walking towards wooded area .
The little girl in blue jeans is running on the grass .
a brown dog is walking in the snow between some pine trees .
A brown dog walking on a snowy surface near snow covered trees .
A dig is trekking through snow .
A tan dog is walking in the snow near snow covered trees .
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods .
a man dressed in purple playing guitar.
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case playing a guitar .
A man in purple plays a guitar for money .
A man is standing on the street playing a guitar .
A man plays his guitar with the case open for donations .
A man in a green shirt climbs an indoor climbing wall .
A man in a green shirt is climbing an obstacle course .
A teenage boy climbs an indoor climbing wall .
A teenager climbs a rock wall .
Someone climbs an indoor climbing wall .
Two men wearing wrestling gear with their heads pressed together .
Two wrestlers grab each other by the arms ; a referee is standing by in the background .
Two wrestlers grasp hands and put heads together .
Wrestlers about to start a match .
Wrestlers locked in competition.
A biker riding in a forest .
A man in blue jumps his dirt bike in a misty forest .
A person with a helmet is jumping a bike over something in a wooded area .
Biker jumping off a ramp in the forest .
The person in the blue jacket is riding in the forest.
A biker races .
A guy on a bmx bike .
A man rides a bike through a course .
Stop action frame of a racer in a bicycle race .
The bike rider is wearing a silver helmet and red shirt .
A bunch of people playing soccer .
A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms .
A soccer player jumping in air during a game .
Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne .
The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it .
A black dog with a red and white rope dog toy in its mouth , standing in front of a building .
A black poodle with a red rope toy in its mouth .
A black poodle with a rope toy in its mouth .
A black standard poodle is playing with a red and white toy outside .
Black poodle carrying red and white dog toy.
A black dog circumvents a wooden fence in a snowy yard .
A black dog leaps through the snow near a fence .
A black dog running away from a wooden fence with snow on the ground .
A black dog running through the snow .
A black dog wearing a red collar is running through snow next to a wooden fence .
Children inspecting an iron structure .
Three boys inspecting a piece of metal outdoor furniture.
Three children inspecting a patio table .
Three children playing with metal furniture .
Three small boys working on a piece of furniture on a deck .
A boy pauses in drawing on a white balloon to smile at the camera , and the girl next to him also smiles at the camera .
A brunette boy and girl smile for the camera while drawing faces on a white balloon .
A girl is smiling and a young man is drawing on a white balloon .
Two smiling people with dark hair .
Two young adults smile at the camera .
A little girl plays on a toy basketball game .
Man holding a beer throws a basketball where a little girl is playing .
The baby in the red outfit is sitting in the middle of a basketball arcade game .
The little girl is sitting under the basket while the man throws the ball .
There is a man shooting basketballs next to a toddler .
A boy is being splashed by a large wave in the sea .
Two kids getting hit by a wave in the ocean.
Two people are in the waves .
Two people in the surf as the wave covers them .
two people jumpinjg over a large wave at the beach.
Two girls clasp hands and pose for a picture .
Two girls holding hands in orange clothes.
Two girls wearing orange outfits hold hands and smile .
Two smiling girls that are holding hands .
Two women wearing orange dresses hold hands .
A boy is doing a trick on his skateboard in a park .
A kid doing a ollie in a skate park .
a man is performing a jump on a skateboard in the park .
A skateboarder doing a trick in front of a ramp with three people in the background .
A skateboarder is doing a trick on the pavement .
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking , surrounded by wilderness .
A group of 6 people are sitting in chairs with a mountain in the background .
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains .
Several people in lawn chairs talking outside .
Several people relax on a porch with a view of the mountains .
A woman in pink stands in between two women who are taking pictures of something off camera .
Three older women , two of which are taking pictures .
Three women tourists take pictures of an object .
Two ladies are taking pictures and one is watching .
Two older females taking pictures with their camera while another older female watches .
a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud.
Two people are going over a skii jump while one looks into the camera .
two skiers are jumping over a mound of snow underneath bright sunshine .
Two skiers attempt tricks while a third poses behind their jump .
Two skiing people jumping a ramp and a man looking straight ahead .
A cowgirl corners a barrel riding a horse .
A woman in a pink shirt wears rides a horse in a rodeo .
A woman wearing a cowboy hat and a pink shirt is ridding a horse in a competition .
Someone in a pink shirt is riding a brown horse in a rodeo .
The brown horse is next to a red barrel at the rodeo .
A group of people wearing costumes jump as they walk down the street .
A group of silk clad performers dance in the street as a sparse crowd watches .
People in a parade wearing multi-colored clothes and dancing .
Street dancers in blue and red pants .
Two women in motley high kick at a parade .
A guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at dusk .
A guy on skateboard , doing a trick .
A man wearing a black shirt rides his skateboard along the top of a ledge .
A skateboarder in mid-jump .
The skateboarder does a trick near a construction site .
A person in a green jacket and yellow pants is on a snowboard coming down a roof into the snow .
A snowboarder goes up a ramp .
A snowboarder slides down the side of an A-frame house buried in snow .
Someone snowboards up the roof of a barn .
The snowboarder does a trick off the side of a large green building .
A child dressed for the cold sits in the snow .
a child in red sits in the snow .
A little girl in a red snowsuit sits on a snowball in a backyard .
little kid in red snowsuit with hello kitty mittens.
The small girl in the Hello Kitty gloves and red snowsuit smiles while sitting on a large snowball .
A man helping a boy ride a bicycle .
A man is showing a little boy how to ride a blue bicycle .
A young boy on a blue bicycle and a man bent over making adjustments to the bicycle .
Man in yellow shirt holding bike while young boy sits on it.
This man in the yellow shirt is adjusting blue bicycle for a young boy .
A man in a purple had climbs a rocky wall with his hands .
A man with a purple hat is climbing a rock .
A man with a purple hat and bandaged hand climbs a wall of rock.
A young man in a purple snow cap is rock climbing .
This young man is rock climbing.
a man climbs a rock .
A man in green climbs a rock in a darkened forest .
A man scales a rock in the forest .
man climbing a rock.
The man in the blue shirt climbs a large rock in a wooded area .
A man in a blue jacket is climbing on a rock in the woods .
A person in a blue jacket climbs a large rock in a dark forest .
A person is climbing a rock in a forest .
A rock climber in the forest .
A woman in blue is climbing up a big rock .
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .
A poodle running along a beach carrying a stick in its mouth .
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in its mouth .
A white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth while running across flat land .
A white dog with curly hair runs on the sand with a stick .
A child goes skiing .
A young girl skiing alongside an adult.
A young skier receives a lesson in the snow from an adult .
Man and child skiing .
The ski instructor is teaching the little girl how to bend her knees and stand on her ski 's .
A group of people gather under a screened in and roofed area .
A group of people sit on a bench , waiting for the bus .
People observe animals in a covered exhibit at the zoo .
People sit on benches .
The people under the canopy are sitting on a bench ; the mother is taking a picture of a child with her cellphone .
A dog and a cow play in the fallen snow on a farm .
Black cow jumping a fence in the snow as a dog barks and another cow watches .
three dogs are running through the snow , one of them throwing up so much snow that he can hardly be seen .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
Three dogs running towards a fence in the snow .
A beautiful white bird takes off in flight .
A bird descending from the sky.
A bird with a white body and grey wings is landing on lake water .
A white and black bird stretches its wings in midair .
A white bird with its wings lifted up hovers over the water .
A man holds a sleeping baby with a yellow blanket .
A man in a black shirt and hat holding a sleeping baby with a yellow afghan .
A man in a hat sits on a sofa with an infant .
A man with glasses and a hat and a baby .
Man sits on sofa holding a sleeping baby wrapped in a blanket.
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow .
A little girl smiles in her snowsuit while playing in the snow .
A small child stands in the snow and smiles .
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow .
Smiling child standing in the snow .
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow .
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow .
A black dog jumps in the snow .
A black dog leaps in the air above the snow .
A dark dog jumps across the snow near the woods .
A black dog carrying a stick in its mouth runs through a huge puddle in the grass .
A black dog is splashing through soggy grass carrying a stick .
A black dog runs out of the water with a stick in its mouth .
dog running in water with stick in mouth.
The black dog is running through a swampy area with pieces of wood its mouth .
A man sits by a red building while smoking .
a man sits on a red building smoking a cigarette and drinking .
A man wearing a jacket sitting and smoking a cigarette.
A well-groomed young man wearing dark trousers and a military-style jacket takes a puff from a cigarette in his left hand while holding a cup in his right hand .
This man is smoking outside .
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field .
a black and brown dog runs .
A dog with no tail runs in the dirt .
a lone dog running in a dirty road.
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted .
A woman laughing and a man using a noise maker .
One girl about to blow on a streamer , while the other laughs .
One woman with blond hair smiles in the foreground while another prepares to blow a noisemaker in the background .
Two women sitting together .
Young girl blowing party popper with a laughing woman beside her .
A man falling over in an ocean wave.
A man in swimming trunks plays in the ocean 's waves .
A man is falling into waves .
a surfer falling of his board into a wave.
A young man in swim shorts is jumping over a wave in the ocean .
A basketball player in black jumps , while another in white attempts to block .
one boy wearing a black jersey holding a basketball while another is behind him trying to get the ball.
Two basketball players fighting over the ball .
Two male basketball players are fighting over a basketball .
Two young men play basketball while crowd looks on.
A little boy is jumping up and down .
A young boy jumping.
A young child is jumping off a yellow stool inside a room in a house .
Boy in orange shirt and camouflage pants jumping up.
Little boy with orange shirt jumps off of small yellow foot stool , indoors .
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio .
A little girl jumps in ballet in class as two others look on.
Three little girls dressed in white , pink , and black are at a dance class.
three young girls learn ballet .
Young girls are practicing dance .
A black dog in a red collar running in the snow .
A black dog with a red collar is running on the snow .
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow .
A lack dog leaps in front of a tree branch in the snow .
Cute black doing playing in snow .
a lone skateboarder jumping a huge skateboarding ramp .
A man dressed all in black performs a trick on a rail while wearing inline skates .
An inline skater doing a jump on a ramp .
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp .
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp .
A bunch of dogs on a beach .
Several dogs are running on the beach .
Six dogs running on the sandy beach .
Six dogs walking beside the beach .
Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .
Dogs playing in the snow.
Three dogs are in the snow .
Three dogs , one black and two blond , run in the snow .
three dogs race through the snow.
Three large dogs enjoy a romp in the snow .
A man kicks a soccer ball on a field .
A man wearing a blue shirt kicks a soccer ball along a green field .
a man wearing blue plays soccer .
A soccer player in a blue AIG shirt is kicking the ball .
Man in AIG t-shirt playing soccer .
A guy is watching another guy jump in the air while snowboarding .
A person in orange pants is doing tricks on a snowboard while a person in a yellow cap watches .
A person sits on a snowbank watching a snowboarder take a high leap .
A person watches as a snowboarder does a fancy trick in the air.
Snowboarder performing a trick high in the air in a snowy area .
A basketball player aims for the goal .
A basketball player gets ready to shoot .
A basketball player has jumped in the air to shoot the basketball .
A basketball player in white jumping to throw the ball , audience in the back .
There is a college basketball player shooting a jumped .
an older asian lady holding the hand of a little asian girl .
Asian woman holds little girl 's hand in park-like area , points off-camera .
A woman holding a little girls hand is pointing to something trying to show her .
A woman holds the hand of a small girl and points towards the bushes .
The woman is holding the girls hand near a bush .
A bird flies across the water .
a white bird flies over a lake .
A white bird grazes above the water .
A white crane flies over water .
The magnificant bird flies low over the water .
A dog is leaping over a tree stump .
A dog jumps off a tree stump .
a small brown and white dog jumping off of a tree stump.
A white and brown dog , wearing a bandanna , jumps through the air .
A white dog is leaping over a tree stump .
A snowboarder jumps high into the air off of a snowy ramp .
A snowboarder jumps off a ramp .
Man on a snowboard performing a trick high in the air .
Person in a purple coat making a jump on a snowboard .
Snowboarder jumps off high ramp over icy landscape .
A yellow car drives across a snowy path .
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow .
a yellow car driving through a lot of snow.
A yellow car is drifting through snow .
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field .
A black dog clutches a pink purse in his teeth and runs .
A black dog is running on the grass with a pink purse in its mouth .
A brown dog retrieves a pink toy .
A little black dog is running in the grass with a pink purse in its mouth .
The wet dog has retrieved the pink purse with aqua handles .
people are posing for a picture on a bunch of rocks near a shed.
A group of friends sit on rocks and pose for a picture .
Five people sitting on the rocks near a wooden shed.
Four women and one men sitting on some rocks , a wooden house to the left .
Friends sitting in the rocks for photo .
A couple standing under a sign .
A couple stands in front of a wooden sign on top of a hill .
Two people standing outside in front of a wooden marker .
Two people stand next to a wood cross on a grassy hill .
Two people stand on a grassy hillside in front of a large wooden cross .
A black dog is playing in the snow .
A black dog jumping and playing in the snow near a chain link fence .
A black labradoodle digs in the snow next to a fence and a forest .
A black poodle is playing with the snow .
The black dog plays in the snow .
A black dog runs through the snow .
A black poodle frolics in the snow .
A black poodle is running in the snow .
A black poodle plays in the snow .
A black standard poodle running through the snow in a fenced-in yard .
A male soccer player wearing a red uniform jumping in the air and pulling up his shorts .
A soccer player pulls his shorts up .
A soccer player wearing a red costume makes an obscene gesture .
Man in red sports uniform and blue shoes jumping and pull up legs of shorts .
We can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts .
Two guitarists dressed in white perform .
Two guitar players dressed in white.
Two men in white suits play the guitar on a stage .
Two men wearing all white kneel on the floor , palying guitar .
Two men wearing white suits play guitar onstage .
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure .
A group of children mostly wearing white uniform shirts sit and wait .
A group of students in uniforms listens attentively to the front of the class .
A large group of girls are all staring in the same direction .
The young girls are listening with books in front of them .
A woman in a white baseball hat reveals her tan line to her friend , who wears a sun hat.
A woman in a white hat and a white t-shirt with a red basket woven purse is talking to a woman in a green shirt and red hat .
A young girl in a white hat with an older woman in a tan hat .
The Asian girl in white is standing next to the woman in green is carrying a basket .
Two women looking at the arm of the woman on the left .
two boys , one in yellow shorts and one in red shorts , are playing with body boards in the ocean .
Two children are practicing boogie boarding in the ocean .
Two children with wake-boards are standing in deep water .
Two young boys in the water with small surfboards .
Two young boys with boogie boards stand knee deep in water .
A man is snowboarding over a pipe .
A man snowboards over an upturned garbage can in the woods .
A person in a black jacket and light blue pants appears in the air with a custom snowboard .
A person riding a snowboard is in the air jumping over a trashcan on a snowmobile .
A snowboard jumps over an upturned garbage can .
One woman makes thread on a spindle while another woman braids a thirds hair .
Three people are setting inside a grass shelter .
Three women sit in a village .
Three women sit together near woven walls .
Two girls primping a third girl in village setting .
A bunch of people and some camels .
A group of men and some camels are in front of some water .
Men with camels gather on a beach .
People and camels at a beach .
People and camels sitting and standing on beach.
A blond boy slides down a sand dune on a skateboard with no wheels .
A blond child runs down a sand dune while another looks on .
A blonde girl surfing down a sandy hill.
A woman is snowboarding down an incline while another woman stands behind .
a young person sliding down a sandy hill .
A lone snowboarder wearing a white jacket jumping into the air on the snowy mountains .
A snowboarder flies through the air in front of leafless trees .
a snowboarder gets some air .
A snowboarder in green pants and a white jacket is jumping high in the air .
Someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air .
A skier is airborne with his skis crossed .
A skier performs a jumping trick on the slopes .
Man flying through the air on skis over a mountain .
The man is doing a jump while skiing .
There is a skier getting some air on the slopes .
The boys are playing with Legos .
Two blond boys play with Legos from a clear plastic bin with a sofa in the background .
Two boys play with Legos .
Two kids are playing with a box of Legos .
Two little boys are at a table with a box of Legos .
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him .
One dog carries a ball as it is being chased by two more dogs .
Three dogs play in the park with the brown dog getting the ball .
Two dogs chase another dog that has a ball .
Two large dogs chase after another dog that has a ball in his mouth and runs from them .
A man on a snowboard is grinding a ramp .
a skier on a snowy ski jump.
A snowboarder is riding down a ramp amidst snow .
A snowboarder prepares to go over a ramp .
Snowboarding practice on a snowy hillside.
A mother is holding her child on a train .
A person holding a baby points out the window at the camera .
A woman and baby are sitting in the window seat of a bus .
a woman holding a young baby inside the window of a train.
Young family eating a snack , shown through a window .
A man in a black jacket is beside the window of a coffee shop looking down .
A man in a dark jacket looking down .
A man wearing a black jacket looking down .
A man wearing a black shirt and sweater is looking down .
An older man in a black jacket looking down .
A distorted picture of a guy on a motorbike in a forest.
A guy on a bike in the forest .
A man on a motorcycle in the woods wearing a black helmet .
A mountain biker in the forest .
A mountain biker riding through a forest .
A cyclist in a midair jump .
A man on a bike in the air he is wearing a blue hsirt and a yellow and white helmet .
A person has ridden their bicycle into the air .
A person riding a bike jumps through the air high above a bumpy racetrack .
Someone riding a bicycle is up in the air over a dirt and hill trail .
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water .
A dog is in some water with a tree branch in its mouth .
A dog is plling a very large branch out of the water .
A dog is walking through the water carrying a large stick in its mouth .
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water , with stick in mouth .
A black man in a blue shirt stands next to a black man in a red robe .
A man wearing a red cloth stands next to a man wearing a blue cloth .
Black men in poor neighborhood .
Two Africans in red and blue shawls pose for a picture outside a barber shop .
Two people , one in blue and one in red , stand in front of a building .
A line of bikers on a busy street.
Busy street full of cars and bike riders .
Five people on bikes in traffic with man watching from the side of the road .
Group of cyclists spotted on an Asian highway .
Men in a bicycle race ride through the streets of China .
A girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .
Two children are riding through snow on a sled-like frame .
Two children play on the road on a snowy day .
Two kids riding on sleds.
two young children RIF=ding sleds down the snow .
A boy , bundled up , siting on a one person sleigh , in the snow .
A child in blue sitting on a sled in the snow .
A kid sits on a skiing device in the snow .
A small child is riding on a toboggan .
There is a child on a sled type machine , in the snow .
A dog holds a large stick in its mouth in the woods .
a dog takes a large stick in its mouth .
A small white dog pulls a large stick out of the water .
A white Pug dog is biting and trying to pull a large stick out of some water .
The white dog is pulling a large stick .
A girl walks on a sidewalk while talking on a cellphone .
A woman walking while talking on the phone .
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cellphone .
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone .
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings .
A bird soars with wings spread .
A bird with blue and white feathers and a long pointy beak is flying through the air .
A long-beaked bird in mid-flight .
A white bird flies agains the backdrop of green foliage .
A white bird flying over trees.
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other .
Two boys , one black and one white , standing arm in arm .
Two boys put their arms around each other and pose .
Two young boys , one white and one black , are standing with their arms around each other .
Two young boys with their arms around one another .
A fan sitting on someone 's shoulders is waving to a woman on a stage that says Amnesty International .
A man in blue jeans is sitting on the shoulders of another person as he interacts with a woman performer onstage at a concert .
A woman onstage points to a man holding up his hand.
A woman with a microphone on a stage points the microphone at a man who is standing in the audience in front of her.
Woman onstage at Amnesty International event exchanges gestures with man offstage .
A blurred vision of a bike rider in front of a hill top .
Two bicyclists ride on a road near a green hilly area , one is blurry .
two bikers bike across the countryside .
Two people ride bike in countryside .
Two people , wearing long sleeves and helmets , ride bikes downhill .
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing .
A surfer is riding numerous waves .
A surfer on a roiling wave .
A surfer rides on a very rough wave .
Person surfing on a white surfboard .
A man in an orange vest and hat is shoveling rocks while another man in a yellow and blue jacket looks on .
A man with an orange vest is shoveling rocks .
A man with a yellow vest shovels rocks while another man watches .
One construction worker in an orange vest shoveling rocks while another one in a blue vest watches .
The man , wearing a worker 's vest , is shoveling rocks .
A man with a white guitar plays with another in a striped shirt .
One guy sings while another plays guitar .
Two men are playing in a band .
two men performing each playing guitars while one is singing.
Two young men are playing guitars in the corner of a room .
A man in a purple shirt sits with a woman on the subway and smiles .
An oriental man and woman are sitting in a subway train .
Three commuters sit on a train .
Three people are sitting on a subway car .
Two guys are sitting and a lady is sleeping .
A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster .
A man is lighting a smoke outside of a building .
a man lighting a cigarette near a dumpster in an ally .
A man lights a cigarette on a loading dock near a dumpster .
The man is lighting a cigarette outside the back of a building .
A dog runs along a beach near the waves .
A white and brown dog runs along the shoreline .
A white and tan dog is running on a beach .
A white dog is running on wet rocks .
A white dog running along side a river.
A five man band is rehearsing .
A group of kids sat around and played their instruments .
A group of men in a darkened room , playing musical instruments .
Band practice is cramped quarters .
Several men are gathered around musical instruments and a microphone .
A black and white dog is performing tricks on a course .
A border collie runs by a course with a ball in its mouth .
A dog is running an obstacle course while a man in blue stands behind .
A small dog with a ball in its mouth running through a course .
There is a black and white dog running on a mat with a man in a blue shirt watching .
A man in a costume poses with two young boys .
Two boys are posing along with an adult in a ninja-like costume.
Two boys pose with an action hero .
Two young boys are posing for a picture with a character from the Power Rangers .
Two young boys are posing with a person dressed as a Power Ranger .
The dogs are running through the water.
three black and white dogs running through a watery field .
Three dogs running through a puddle .
Three dogs run through a soggy field .
Three dogs run through water and grass .
A dog in a field .
A large brown dog is playing in the dirt and grass .
A tiger striped dog stands in a weird position and looks to the side .
Dog looks toward a shadow.
The dog is in the yard .
A man in a wet-suit is suspended from a para-surfing harness whilst moving across the water on a board .
a man is wakeboarding in a lake.
A man kite surfing creates a wave .
A man wakeboarding.
The man is parasailing and doing a trick .
A group of people on skis with two dogs .
A man dressed in a horned hat poses for a picture on skis with three other people and a dog .
Four people holding each others shoulders with a brown dog in front of them , standing on snow .
People dressed in costumes are on skis .
People , some dressed in costumes , and dogs on a snowy mountain .
A child in the snow .
A child walking in the snow .
A person with a blue hat stands in trails in the snow .
A young boy walks across tracks in the snow .
The child is wearing a blue hat and green jacket while walking through snow .
A baseball player in a blue uniform has just released the baseball on the sidelines .
A baseball player is following through with an action nearby a teammate .
A baseball player strains to throw a ball .
A yougn boy in a blue and white baseball uniform throwing a baseball while tucking his glove close to his body .
The baseball player wearing blue is throwing the ball .
A wet dog running in a dry field .
Black and white dog running outside .
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land .
The dog is running with his tongue hanging out of his mouth .
The white and black dog is running through a field .
A man drives a motorbike while another man falls off of it and into the mud .
A motocross bike and sidecar team are riding around a bend on a muddy circuit .
The man falls out of the sidecar into a puddle during the race .
Two men riding a dirt bike and one is falling off into a mud puddle .
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud .
A man in a green-glow vest is standing next to an orange advertising sign .
A man in a security vest stands by a sign .
a man in a yellow hi-viz jacket is standing beside and orange sign .
A security guard points at a sign .
A security guard standing beside a bright orange advertisement .
A bird is flapping its wings on the water .
A brown duck with a green head flaps its wings in the water .
A green headed mallard duck flapping its wings in the water .
Duck flapping wings .
Mallard duck swimming out in the water .
A girl in a black and blue wetsuit is surfing .
A woman , in a blue and black wetsuit , is water boarding .
a woman surfer on a white surfboard riding a large wave.
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave .
A young woman is waterskiing.
Brown dog and two black dogs have three-way tug on red object , outdoors .
Three dogs are all tugging on the same toy as they stand behind a house .
Three large dogs , one brown and the others black , tussle over a red toy in the grass outside a building .
two black dogs and a brown dog are tugging at a red object with their mouths .
Two black dogs are tugging on a red toy that is in a brown dog 's mouth .
A grey haired in a wetsuit poised in the water .
A group of surfers in wetsuits are trying to catch a wave .
A man is running through the water alongside others doing the same .
A wave crashing through a group of people wearing wetsuits and goggles .
The swimmers are getting ready to race wearing black swimmers .
A female rugby player runs with a rugby ball during a match .
A group of children wearing uniforms run along the field after one who is holding the ball .
Children play football .
Young people are engaged in a game .
Young people in uniform are playing in a rugby game .
A group of dressed-up people talking .
a group of five young people all dressed in black in a dimlight room.
A total of five people in black clothes are having conversations in a plain white room .
Three men and two women talking .
Two groups of people dressed in black clothes and with brown hair , except for one blonde woman , hold separate conversations .
A small girl in yellow slides down an orange slide .
A young girl dressed in yellow sliding down a curvy , red slide at a playground .
A young girl on an orange slide.
A young girl sliding down an orange slide.
Little girl sliding down an orange playground slide .
A busy plaza with several people having conversations .
A crowd of people stand talking in a business district .
A group of people in winter coats stand in front of a large building .
A small group of people is chatting in a city plaza .
A street scene with people of many ages and backgrounds .
A dog eats peanut butter out of a jar .
A dog is eating peanut butter out of a jar .
a dog licks the peanut butter jar .
A small white and tan dog licking up peanut butter .
The dog is licking inside the peanut butter jar .
A boy is doing a skateboard trick outdoors .
A man wearing a red shirt , hat and brown pants is on a skateboard going down a ramp .
A skateboarder is performing a jump on a slope .
a skateboarder jumps over a highway guard rail .
Skateboarder jumping over a fence .
A woman shows off a newborn baby to a young boy and girl .
a woman holding a baby with two children around her.
Two children and an adult admire a newborn baby held by the adult .
Two women , a little boy , and a baby .
Woman holding baby and young girl and boy look on .
A group of people posing for a picture .
A man flirts with a woman in a white tank top .
A woman in shorts and a white top is taking a picture with a digital camera as a young man watches .
Pleople at a party , their backs to the camera .
The man and woman are talking outside at night .
A man and another person in shadow watch a street parade at night .
A man sits while in the distance other men are shirtless wearing kilts .
A man watching something that other people are doing .
The man is standing on the sidelines looking at people holding blue signs .
Two people watching the crowd in front of them .
A group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other .
A group of people at an art show of photographs.
A group of people talking and another group looking at photographs taped to the wall .
People are gathered around and there are some photographs on the wall .
Several people are standing in front of a white wall with pictures on it .
a black and brown dog digging through the snow .
A black dog is digging in the snow .
A black dog is digging in the snow .
A dog is rubbing its face in the snow .
A large black dog rubs its face in the snow .
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs .
Two dogs jump on each other in the snow .
Two dogs play and appear to be hugging in the snow .
Two dogs playing in snow .
Two dogs wrestle in the snow in a fenced-in area .
Lambs on a grassy hill .
There are three lambs : one white , one black , and one spotted .
Three lambs are in a field .
Three young sheep walk along the grassy hill .
Young sheep in the grass .
A black dog in snow is jumping off the ground to catch a stick .
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow .
A dog jumps to catch a toy in the snow .
A dog plays in the snow .
Black dog jumping into the air to catch a toy in the snow .
A brown dog in the snow has something hot pink in its mouth .
A brown dog in the snow holding a pink hat .
A brown dog is holding a pink shirt in the snow .
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow .
A dog with something pink in its mouth is looking forward .
A bald man in a tank top riding bike through a city .
A man on a bicycle sits at a stop light with headphones on .
A man riding a blue bicycle on a main road stops at a stoplight .
Man with sunglasses and headphones riding a bike .
The man is riding his bike and listening to music .
A person is being pulled by watercraft across the gleaming water .
A person wakeboarding in the water .
A wakeboarder .
The man riding a board on calm waters is silhouetted by the sunlight .
There is a man surfing at night .
A woman in a red coat with a man in a white and black coat and a black dog in the snow .
Two people and a dog are in the snow .
Two people are interacting with a dog that has bitten an object one of them is holding .
Two people are walking up a snowy hill with a dog .
Two people playing on a snowy hill .
A three person sky dive team in the air performing a stunt .
Three people , wearing parachutes , are free-falling together through the sky .
Three skydivers are in formation above the clouds .
Trio of skydivers holding hands in sky .
Two people are parachuting over white clouds .
A brown dog wades through water and walks toward a rock .
A dog has waded through shallow water to reach a rock outcropping .
A light brown dog is splashing in the water with its paw .
A small brown dog is about ready to exit the water after a swim .
A yellow dog in shallow water .
A baseball player swings at a baseball .
A batter prepares to swing at a ball .
Ballplayers in blue and white uniforms are on the field playing baseball .
Catcher crouches behind baseball hitter .
The man in the dark blue jersey is holding a bat , and the catcher is holding his mitt out .
A lady sits on a porch swing in the yard while a girl sits on the ground by her .
A woman and child sit on a bench in a yard covered with fallen leaves .
A woman in a red shirt and bandanna and a girl in a blue shirt are sitting on a large swing in front of a house.
The mother and child have a personal moment in the yard .
Womand and girl sitting on a wooden swing.
A woman in purple is on a purple bike wearing a blue and red helmet .
A woman wearing a helmet rides her bike down a steep incline .
a woman wearing purple on a purple bike doing a trick on a ramp.
The helmeted girl perches on a bike .
The woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle .
A black dog carries a tree branch through the woods .
A black dog holding a small branch .
A brown and black dog carries a precariously long stick in his mouth in the wooded area .
A dog carries a large stick .
A rottweiler carries a very long stick in his mouth through the woods .
A man is sitting atop a mountain and looking down over a green valley .
A man sits in a grassy area and observes the landscape below .
A man sits on a cliff edge while looking out on the hills .
A man sits on a hill overlooking the coutryside .
A man sits on the edge of a cliff overlooking a deep valley .
A group of people rest on a cliff overlooking a scenic view .
A group of traveling people relaxing on top of a hill overlooking a range .
A man and three women with backpacks , sitting on a mountain .
Four people are sitting at the top of a hill .
Four people relaxing on a grassy hill overlooking a rocky valley .
A child in a tie dye shirt and one in a white shirt are on a climbing wall .
A child in a Tye-dyed shirt is climbing a rock wall with another child .
The children take a crack at rock climbing .
Two children climbing a rock climbing wall .
Two kids climb a rock wall .
Boys wearing hats play in a soccer game .
Soccer competition , with two boys in red and one in blue.
two children are playing soccer.
Two kids in red jerseys are playing soccer .
Two uniformed boys play soccer .
A few people sitting at the bottom of a grassy hill .
A group of people rest near a hill and cliff .
a group of people sitting on the side of a huge grassy mountain .
A group of people sitting on top of a hillside .
The green hilly countryside is where the people are gathered to sit down .
A brown dog is lowering his head near a smaller white dog outdoors .
A small white dog and a large brown dog .
Small and Large dog playing in the field .
The small dog teases the large dog in the field .
Two dogs .
A boy is airborne on his skateboard above a set of rails in an industrial setting .
A boy with a skateboard if jumping in the air along some railway tracks .
A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track .
A skateboarder does a kickflip along the train tracks .
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks .
A downhill slalom skier leaning through a turn .
A person skiing down a snowy hill .
A person wearing blue , white , and red gear skiing down a steep slope .
A skier making a sharp turn on a slope .
The skier is sliding on his side as he attempts the slalom.
A shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick .
A shirtless man rides a skateboard .
A shirtless man skateboarding with his arms in the air .
A shirtless man skateboards on a ledge .
The skateboarder enjoys night skating at the skate park .
a young girl jumping out of the water at a pool.
A young girl whips her hair over her head in a public pool.
Girl in swimming pool flinging her hair back over her head .
Girl slinging water out of hair while in a pool .
Little girl in watermelon swimsuit , emerges from pool and flips wet hair .
A man wearing a gray swimsuit stands in the water amidst white waves .
A surfer stands in a crashing wave .
a surfer surfs .
A young man in a swimsuit with water crashing behind him .
Young man with black shorts jumping in the ocean waves .
A goal defending the goal in a hockey game .
A hockey goalie ready for the puck .
A hockey player in a black and white uniform guarding the goal .
A person guarding a hockey goal .
The ice hockey goal keeper is dressed in a red strip .
A group of people dressed up colorfully .
A group of people stand while wearing bright and colorful costumes .
Four people are standing in front of a white building wearing colorful costumes .
People dressed in colorful Mardis Gras outfits pose very suggestively for the camera .
People in colorful costumes and masks .
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts .
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts .
People in costumes are walking around in the street .
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk .
Two people in lavish costumes standing on the street .
A bare-chested man launches his skateboard off a ramp .
A skateboarder attempts a trick with no shirt on .
A skateboarder doing a trick on a handrail .
a skateboarder grinds the rail .
Teen does trick on skateboard while riding the rail .
A person wearing protective gear on a snowboard in the air above snow .
A snowboarder doing a jump on a K2 snowboard .
A snowboarder is attempting a jump on a crafted ski run .
a snow-boarder is performing a jump whilst riding on a pink snowboard .
A snowboarder makes a jump and does a trick with his pink , blue & black board .
A goalie blocks the puck while holding a white hockey stick .
A hockey goalie crouches on the ice .
A hockey goalie in a game on the ice .
A hockey player tries to block the puck from the goal .
Hockey goalie on his knees looking down.
A bicycler does tricks under an overpass .
A bmx jumping into a drainage area .
A boy on a bike does a stunt on a ramp filled with graffiti .
A boy on a bike is doing a stunt high in the air .
A stunt bicycle rider performs under an overpass covered in graffiti .
A basketball player for Miami U pushes forward .
A basketball player runs while another tries to block him .
A basketball player runs while dribbling the ball .
Referee blows whistle as basketball player attempts to block another with the ball .
The guy in the white uniform has a basketball in his hand .
A basketball player dribbles the ball during a game .
A basketball player wearing a white uniform is dribbling the ball on the court .
A man wearing a white uniform dribbles the basketball during a game .
A professional basketball player dribbles the ball around the opposing player .
Basketball player pushes away opponent.
A biker gets high in the air against a skyline .
A boy wearing a white helmet jumping on his bike .
a cyclist is performing a jumping stunt in front of a city skyline .
A man is in the air on his bicycle .
A person doing a bicycle jump , a skyline in the background .
An artist painting on a small canvas.
A woman standing on a lawn painting a picture .
A woman wearing overalls standing at an easel painting a picture .
Girl in blue coverall painting.
The lady holds her paintbrush next to the artist 's easel .
A basketball player attempting to control the ball near the basket rim .
A basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team .
A basketball player is scoring a basket .
Two men jump up for the ball near the hoop in a basketball game .
two teams playing basketball on a court in a stadium .
A man is standing on a sidewalk in the background with a blurry image of another man in the foreground .
A man stands at a busy bus stop .
a man stands next to a bus .
People in the city .
People walking down the street and past an open bus .
A band , wearing matching shirts , is playing music with a brick wall behind them .
A group of men sing and play instruments .
Band plays in tight quarters .
Four band members singing and playing .
Several men dressed in back jumpsuites sing and play instruments .
A hockey player during a game .
A hockey player in helmet .
A hockey player looks intently downward .
There is a hockey player in the middle of a game .
This is a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet .
A man in a orange shirt and white shorts playing tennis .
A man playing tennis .
There is a man in an orange shirt playing tennis .
The tennis player holds his racket in preparation for the ball .
The tennis player in the orange shirt is airborne whilst swinging his racquet .
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him .
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp .
A skateboarder does a trick off a wooden ramp as spectators watch .
A skateboarder performs while others watch nearby .
The skateboarder is taking a jump .
A child is wearing a blue hat and snowsuit with red skis on their feet .
A child skis across the snowy ground .
A small child in a blue hat and coat skis on the snow .
a young skier looks at the camera .
There is a little child in a snowsuit on red skies in the snow .
A woman , covered in a red and blue shawl , smoking a cigarette , eyes closed .
A woman with a black sweatband is wrapped in a blue , red and yellow blanket and is smoking .
A woman with a headband wearing a blue , yellow and red hooded jacket .
The woman with a colorful blanket is smoking a pipe .
The woman wrapped a flag around her body and burned incense .
A girl is standing on a graffiti covered stone with something in her mouth .
A girl is standing on a painted slab of cement and twisting her body to look up at the camera .
A girl poses for the camera , with her mouth open and a yellow stick coming out of it .
A girl stands on a graffitied wall , her head skewed sideways .
The girl in the jacket is on the cement with a sucker in her mouth and a bike to the right .
A boy playing basketball , trying to block a shot .
One basketball player in a white uniform jumps up to block another player in a blue uniform with the ball .
The boy in blue has the ball , and the boy in white is airborne .
The boys play basketball .
The opposing basketball players are making a play with an audience nearby .
A male on Rollerblades skating down a railing next to stairs .
A man is rollerblading down a white railing beside a red brick building .
A man is skating down a rail above some steps .
A man slides a skateboard down a stair ramp .
An in-line skater grinding on a rail .
A boy wearing mirror sunglasses .
A boy wears sunglasses .
A chubby faced boy with sunglasses .
A little boy with his sunglasses on .
Young boy wearing sunglasses , and a brown shirt with black swirls .
A black dog is chasing a tan and white dog on a sunny day .
A black dog is running behind a brown and white dog across a low cut field .
A brown and white dog runs through the grass chased by a black dog .
Two dogs chase down a mowed grass field .
two dogs running in grassy area.
A bicyclist in blue goes up a hill by the woods .
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods .
A woman rides her bike up a hill near the woods .
A woman in a blue jacket is riding a bicycle on a woodland path .
A woman mountain biker with a backpack bikes up a hill .
A black and tan dog running in a field.
a brown and black dog running through a large grassy field .
A dog gets ready to catch something in the grass .
A tan and black dog runs over a green field with its mouth open .
The tan and black dog is running across the grass .
Two asian men walking down the street holding red bags .
Two Asian men walking with red bags.
Two men are carrying red bags on the street beside a white metal fence .
Two men walking by a fence holding red shopping bags .
Two men walk together outdoors carrying red bags from a store .
Children with painted red faces being sprayed with water , on grass .
The two children are being sprayed by water.
Two children playing in a spray of water .
Two children standing in the grass being sprayed by a hose .
Two indian children are being squirted by a jet of water .
A dark-haired man in a red t-shirt , with a beard , playing the guitar in a park .
A man in a red shirt plays guitar in a park .
A man is sitting and playing guitar on the grass .
a man sitting in the grass , playing his guitar , wearing a red shirt.
a man wearing red plays his guitar on the grass .
A group of children wearing blue and yellow uniforms put their hangs together .
A soccer team with blue jerseys is huddled together with their hands touching above their heads .
A young flag football team are huddled together .
Boys huddle during a soccer game .
Soccer players in blue before a game .
A dirt bike rider is in the air pulling off a trick .
A dirt biker who is sideways in the air having come off of a dirt jump .
A motorbiker racer performs an aerial stunt as he flies over a dirt hill in the woods .
A person on a dirt bike doing a trick over a hill .
A person on a dirt bike soaring through the air sideways .
Two asian girls dressed in black pose for a picture in front of dry trees .
two asian girls with long bangs covering their eyes.
Two Asian women dressed in black .
Two girls in black dresses .
Two girls in black dresses are standing next to each other in front of browm trees .
A boy in a black cap break dancing.
A young adult dances on his hand .
Guy break dancing on brick floor in front of students ' union .
One man watches while another breakdances , balancing himself for a moment on one hand .
The male teenager is break dancing on the red and black tiled floor .
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow .
A dark brown dog is biting at a lighter brown colored dog .
The dog with the red collar is bearing its teeth at the dog with the blue collar .
Two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the dogs showing its fangs .
Two dogs , one with mouth open .
A helmeted boy flies through the air on a snowboard .
A snowboarder balancing on a wall.
A snowboarder in green grinds along the edge of a rail at night .
a snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumping a green rainling.
A snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumps above a low gate .
A man in a swimsuit walks on a tightrope .
Man falling off a tightrope.
The men are walking barefoot on a tightrope .
Two students try to walk a tightrope on a campus quad , but one falls off .
Young people practice walking on the high wire .
A boy jumps off of an open air staircase .
A person jumping off of an outdoor staircase .
A person jumping step railing .
Boy wearing a blue hoodie jumps over a stair railing .
The young man wearing a blue sweatshirt and blue jeans is hopping over the railing on the fence .
Girls huddle in field of plants , one holding leaf bundle .
The two asian girls smile at the camera in the field of yellow flowers .
Twho girls pose behind yellow wildflowers .
Two Asian girls are sitting in a flower field .
Two young ladies are sitting in some yellow flowers and smiling .
A guy gettin some air on a skateboard.
A man rides a skateboard up a sloped concrete surface and into the air .
A skateboarder flies through the air by the side of the road .
A skateboarder is in the air after skating up a cement ramp .
a skateboarder jumping on a wall with a mountain in the background.
A skier in yellow pants goes down a slope .
A skier swishing down a mountain trail .
A skier wearing bright yellow pants is skiing down a snowy mountain .
Person in black jacket and green pants skiing downhill.
Someone skiing down an empty mountain .
Two girls are riding camels while another girl looks at them .
Two girls on camels.
Two people each riding a camel with one person with back to camera in front .
Two women ride camels , while a third watches .
Two young girls are riding beige camels as another lady wearing a purse watches .
A boy and a girl ride on two seperate camels .
Two females ride camels backs .
two girls ride camels .
Two kids are riding camels nearby rural structures overlooked by mountains .
Two kids on camel back in desert.
A boy in a dusty alley playing stickball .
A boy swings a piece of wood .
A child swings a bat next to a stone wall .
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat .
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street .
A girl is crouching on a skateboard next to a brightly colored wall .
A girl on a skateboard is riding on a cement ledge next to a fence .
A girl 's hair flips up while she rides down the stairs on a skateboard .
A girl with her hair flying up from her head poses on a skateboard.
A skateboarder 's hair flies through the air .
A group of boys playing street soccer .
A group of young kids watch a group of older kids play soccer on a city street .
Children play soccer on a narrow city street .
Kids outside on the street playing soccer .
The boys are playing a game of soccer on their neighborhood street .
A white dog carries a bottle in its mouth through the snow .
A white dog carries a soda bottle on the snowy ground .
A white dog in the snow carries a plastic Mountain Dew bottle in its mouth .
A white dog runs through the snow with a Mountain-Dew bottle .
The white dog is drinking mountain dew in the snow .
Lots of people are playing in the river that runs through the city and in the sandy park beside it .
Lots of people play in the water at the beach .
Many people are on the beach next to palm trees .
Many people are spread out along a beach or lagoon enjoying themselves .
People on a beach .
people are walking in an industrial area.
An ant 's-eye-view of people walking along a street.
Many people are walking in the city near tall buildings .
several people walking on a busy sidewalk.
The feet of a group of pedestrians in an urban area .
A man in a grey winter hat and purple sweatshirt skateboarding .
A man Rollerblades on a skate course .
An inline skater wearing a purple jacket is performing a trick on a ramp .
guy rollerskating on skate ramp.
Man with purple sweater at the top of a skateboard ramp .
A crowd of women and children looking at the photographer .
A group of African women and children wearing brightly colored clothes .
A group of colorfully clothed people are sitting in a market .
Numerous African Americans wearing various types of clothing .
People from an African village are sitting on the ground .
A group of dark skinned children are sitting beside a red metal container .
A group of kids sitting against a large red dumpster .
a group of people sitting outside in the dirt on the ground .
A large group of people sitting near a shipping container .
Two sub Saharan African girls in purple dresses sit on the ground .
A boy on a black surfboard riding the wave on his stomach .
A child in a red shirt is using a black wakeboard to splash over a beach wave .
A kid with read hair boy boarding in the ocean.
A young boy with a red shirt surfing on a black surfboard .
A young child wearing a red t-shirt rides a surfboard over a wave .
A climber on a snowy mountain.
A climber with a yellow backpack walks along the ridge of a snowy mountainside .
A man climbs a snowy mountain .
A mountain climber with a yellow backpack is walking on the side of a mountain .
A person cycling through snowy mountains .
Two bandmates in white play guitar .
Two men are playing guitars together.
Two men in white play guitars .
Two men in white suits are playing electric guitars .
Two musicians in white suits play guitars while surrounded by associated gear and a red curtain .
A person on a snowboard jumps over a cliff in the snow .
A skier flies over a cliff .
A skier wearing red flies off the edge of a snow covered rock .
A snowboarder clears the air over a snow-covered cliff .
This person is snowboarding off a hill .
a family standing in a rock cave with some of their belongings in the background.
An Afican American woman standing behind two small African American children .
An African woman stands with her two children under a boulder .
A woman and two children pose for a picture under some rocks .
A woman in purple with two children in the mouth of a cave .
A group of people on the slopes , a person is skating boarding , and a bunch of people are surrounding him .
Airborne snowboarder in front of a crowd .
A snowboarder in the air as others watch .
a snowboarder jumps high .
A snowboarder jumps while spectators watch .
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park .
a young boy is rollerblading across a wide open space .
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park .
A young inline skater balances with outstretched arms as he skates over the pavement .
A young inline skater takes a spin in the skate park .
A boy doing a skateboard trick.
A skateboarder is balancing on a wall while a group of other boys watch .
A skateboarder on a ramp , doing a trick .
The boy is performing a trick on a skateboard .
The skateboarder in the white shirt balances on the ledge as the others look on in the background .
A group of men are standing on a desert road whilst one man hands a blue box to another .
A man handing a box to a group of men .
A man is handing a box to another man in a group .
A man wearing a backwards blue cap hands something to one man in a line of men .
Older black man handing small blue object to group of younger black men , outdoors .
African American men receiving plates of food out of a window .
A group of men wait in line to recieve food at a window .
A man wearing a red striped shirt reaches for a plate of food while others wait .
Five men are getting plates of rice from a small home restaurant.
People in line for plates of rice .
A boy and a girl are riding on a camel in the sand on the beach .
A woman and child riding camels near the ocean .
Children riding on a camel by a body of water .
Two girls ride on the hump of a camel .
Two young girls ride a camel near water .
A hiker is walking up the mountain on a snow-covered road .
A man in black carrying an orange backpack stands next to a red backpack that is laying in the snow .
A man stands at dusk on an almost-pristine , snowy road , lit only by headlights .
A person stands in the snow at the edge of a mountain .
A traveler on a snowy road.
a girl and a woman ride a camel .
People ride two camels at the beach .
Two camels are walking along the beach carrying two girls .
Two children , sitting on the backs of camels , near the ocean .
Two people are seated on a camel while another camel is in the foreground .
Two blonde female wrestlers in the ring .
Two female professional wrestlers are in a ring in the air and about to hit the floor .
Two female wrestlers with long , blonde hair , fighting in front of a crowd .
Two women wrestle in front of a crowd .
Two women wrestling in an arena .
A boy looks up into a woman 's face .
A child embraces its mother 's red coat .
A child puts his hands to the belly of a woman in a red coat .
A young boy is touching the stomach of a pregnant woman .
The woman in the red jacket looks at the child in a green jacket .
A girl with a cigarette in hand and a guy with a green hat wave at the camera .
A man and a woman show their tatooed hearts on their wrists.
a man and woman hug .
A man in a green Celtics hat and a woman wearing a black sweater display identical tattoos on their right wrists .
There is a man and woman holding up their arms and showing their heart tattoos .
Men stand on horses .
One man in blue tunic and one man in yellow tunic standing on the backs of three horses .
two guy standing on horses , while a crowd watches.
Two men riding three horses wave their arms in the air .
Two people are standing on three horses as part of a parade .
A small dog walks with men in the city .
some people waiting to cross a busy street in Portland Oregon .
The people await to cross the street while walking the dog .
Three guys are waiting to cross the street  One has a dog .
Three people wait to cross a city street and one has a dog on a leash .
A skier doing a flip in a wooded area .
A skier on red skis is flipping upside down between two trees .
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees.
Skier jumps high in front of trees in snowy winter landscape .
The skier is doing a flip through some trees.
A man in a yellow outfit riding a yellow motorcycle .
A motorcyclist in yellow .
A motorcyclist in yellow and white rides his bike .
A yellow motorcycle drives down the road .
A yellow motorcycle is being ridden on a racetrack .
a bunch of people drinking at a bar in a club .
A man is smiling with one hand on his forehead at a crowded bar .
A man wearing a black jacket and white shirt is talking to a woman at a bar .
The people are gathered at a bar .
Various people are talking together at a bar .
A man doing a wheelie on a dirt bike .
a man in a blue jumpsuit popping a wheelie on a motorcycle .
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt .
A motorcyclist " pops a wheelie " in a grassy field framed by rolling hills .
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle in mostly barren ground.
A brown and white dog bares his teeth in the snow .
a brown and white dog growling in the snow.
A mean looking dog is in the snow and showing his teeth .
A tan a white dog bears its teeth in the snow.
The dog is in snow , and has a stick in its mouth .
A black-striped cat is looking at a cord it has pinned with a paw .
A cat licks itself on a tile floor .
A striped cat is on the pathway .
A tabby cat licking its left front leg .
Closeup image of a cat licking his front leg .
A bunch of people walking down the street .
Adults and children dressed for cold weather in a road race .
A group of people run down a city street .
Many people are jogging along the street by a green fence .
Many people run in a race on a street .
A person is holding a camera while a skier does a trick .
A skier doing a trick by a snow mound while a man films it with a camera .
a skier is being filmed by a man with video camera on a jib .
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump .
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera .
Two dogs and a truck .
Two dogs on their hind legs interlocking their front legs .
Two dogs play on the grass .
Two dogs , the white one standing on a Frisbee , playing together on grass .
Two furry tri-colored dogs playing in the grass .
There are two dogs in the snow and one has something in his mouth .
Two dogs are playing in the snow .
Two dogs , one holding something in its mouth , in the snow .
Two dogs on the beach .
Two dogs walk in the snow , the larger dog has a fish in his mouth .
A goalie tries to block the puck in a hockey game .
A hockey goalie stops the puck .
People playing hockey .
Several hockey players move toward the puck next to a goal .
Two hockey teams compete .
A dog runs in the snow .
An off-white dog has his mouth open as he bounds through the fenced-in snowy area .
A white dog runs past a fence on a snowy day .
A white dog with a black collar runs in the snow .
A white poodle is running in the snow , near a chain link fence .
a lone skier skiing through the snow .
A man in a red jacket is skiing .
A man skiing wearing goggles .
A skier races down a mountain in an orange jacket .
A skier in a red coat going down a hill .
A boy in a blue and white tie dye t-shirt is skateboarding on the railing of a building .
A boy in a tie dyed shirt is riding a skateboard down a railing .
A kid is skateboarding on a handrail .
A skateboarder goes down a stair railing .
A teenage boy in rides a hand-railing on a skateboard outside a columned brick building .
A bike rider in the air with the sky as background .
A boy jumps on his bike .
A kid riding a bike jumps up and does a trick in midair .
A stunt biker leaps into the air beside the setting sun .
The person is doing a trick on a bike at dusk .
A bicyclist is in midair on a cloudy day .
A man on a bicycle , airborne .
A man on a bike in midair.
A man on a bike in midair.
A person on a bmx bike .
A fluffy dog holds a stick in its mouth on a beach .
a small white dog catching a stick on the shore at the beach .
A white dog has caught a stick on the beach beside the ocean .
A white dog is running along a beach with a stick in its mouth .
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth .
An Asian girl is standing in a crowd wearing red lipstick .
an asian woman holds her fur scarf .
Asian woman in traditional dress and white fur collar.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is looking down while inside a crowd of people .
Girl wears white feather boa and kimono .
A blue boat with a yellow canopy is floating on calm waters .
A boat in the water .
A boat with a roof on green water .
The boat is in the middle of the water .
The solitude boat floats on the lake .
A man and a woman watch two dogs .
One huge dog and one little dog are on a path with a tall man and shorter woman .
Two dogs and two people in the woods .
Two dogs are on a trail in the woods while two people are looking at them from behind .
Two women with their dogs on a forest path .
A girl in a white and pink sweater is looking up through tree branches .
A little girl with black hair pokes her head through tree branches .
An Asian little girl hugs two tree branches .
A young asian girl stands between two tree trunks .
Small girl wearing a white sweater standing between branches of a tree with green leaves .
A Japanese man and woman are walking past a green car .
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt in front of a sign written in an Asian language .
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt smile while walking next to cars .
An oriental man and woman walk smiling past signs and automobiles.
Asian couple walking on sidewalk and smiling.
Cyclists are leaping into the air whilst being watched by spectators .
Three dirt bike racers head over a jump .
Three men form an arch during a BMX bike race sponsored by Coca-Cola .
Three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill .
Three riders wearing black jerseys jump their BMX bikes into the air .
A brown dog on the sand .
A brown dog plays in the sand near a man in a green cap .
A dog is jumping in the air to catch something .
A dog is jumping up for the ball while playing catch in the sand .
A dog playing ball in the sand .
A man with a blue shirt posing with a taller man in sunglasses.
A man with glasses and a blue and black striped shirt and another man wearing a brown jacket pose for a picture .
One man in stripes and one in leather pose for the camera in a city .
Two men are standing on a street surrounded by buildings .
Two men wearing eyeglasses standing together .
A man in the dooorway of a bus looking onward .
A man standing at the door of a vehicle , with another sitting , glancing out the window .
People ride a bus or trolley .
some people riding an old bus.
Three passengers on a train car .
A snowboarder clothed in red is in the middle of a jump from a snowy hill .
A snowboarder in midair.
A snowboarder is doing a big jump and is in the air .
A snowboarder soars through the air .
The snowboarder is in the air .
A group of brown dogs are standing on a road with 3 people .
Dogs and their masters gather on a dirt trail .
Several brown dogs of different sizes gather together .
There are 5 brown dogs on leashes with their owners nearby .
Three women are standing among a group of brown dogs .
A black sheep with three white dogs .
four white dogs are standing beside a black sheep .
The white dogs look curiously at the black llama .
Three white dogs are near a black llama .
White dogs stand near a sheep or llama .
A brown and white dog is running .
A brown and white dog is running through dead grass .
a brown and white dog with his tongue sticking out jumping on some grass.
A dog and a ball .
A large brown and white dog is leaping through the hair .
A group of 5 people making different expressions .
five teenagers cheering in a living room.
The room full of youths reacts emotionally as they spectate .
Three boy teenagers and two female teenagers are making excited facial expressions .
Three guys and two girls are watching something and getting excited .
A man and woman are standing outside a store .
The man and woman are wearing kimonos and are standing in a store .
There are two oriental people in robes standing next to some shelves .
Two people are standing inside of a market .
Two people talking wearing kimonos in the middle of a shopping area .
a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .
Two girls pet a small kangaroo in a grassy field .
Two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo .
Two women pet a baby kangaroo in the park .
Two women pet a kangaroo in a park .
A group of dogs are playing together in snow .
A pack of dogs playing in the snow .
Four dogs are playing on a field covered in snow .
Two black and two white dogs are playing in the snow .
Two black dogs and 2 white dogs interact with one another in a snowy field .
A group of people watching a snowboarder perform a trick .
a person snowboarding over a large hump with onlookers in front of him.
People are watching a snowboarder perform a trick in the air .
Several people are watching a snowboarder with a blue jacket jump .
Spectators watch a snowboarder in mid-flight amid a snowy landscape .
A girl does a cartwheel in the street while people watch from the sidewalk .
a girl doing a cartwheel in front of a crowd.
A woman is doing a backwards flip in front of a crowd of other people sitting on the sidewalk .
Someone in shorts is somersaulting in front of a crowd .
The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched .
A person jumping on their snowboard .
A snowboarder in black and yellow is jumping on a purple snowboard .
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board .
Snowboarder in yellow pants and white helmet in midair .
Snowboarder holding onto board while in midair .
A man skis while wearing a parachute .
A parachute skier lifting off from the ground .
A person attached to a parasail and wearing equipment on his feet is suspended in midair over a snowy landscape , while silhouetted against a sunny , blue sky .
A person gliding on a parachute in the air .
They are gliding through the air , backed by a low sun .
A group of people are standing in front of some stores .
People stand on a sidewalk outside of retail stores .
People walking or talking on a city street .
Several people in front of stores .
Two people are talking outside of the video game shop next door to the mobile phone store .
A dancing girl performs a high kick in a parade .
A girl in a black t-shirt doing a jump while other girls walk behind her during a parade .
A woman jumps in the air as others walk behind her in the street .
Girl kicking in midair surrounded by onlookers.
The young dancer marches in the parade .
A boy jumps high on his skateboard .
A boy on a skateboard sliding on a rail .
A skateboarder rides the rails .
Man skateboarding.
Tbe boy in the black t-shirt is jumping his skateboard over a railing near a path .
Dirtbikers race on a muddy track .
Two BMX bikers on a muddy course .
Two boys riding their dirt bikes in the mud .
two dirt bike riders ride their dirt bikes .
Two people riding dirt bikes on a bike trail .
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball .
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head .
A soccer ball is above the head of a man wearing black shorts and red and black striped shirt .
A soccer player in black shorts is jumping into the air .
The person in the red and black uniform has a ball above her head .
A black and white bird getting ready to land on the water .
A large bird flaps its wings above the water .
A long legged white bird is landing in the water .
Bird hovers above water .
White bird with red eyes gets ready for a landing .
A dog carrying a stick in its mouth runs through a snow-covered field .
A dog runs over the snow carrying a large stick in its mouth .
A dog runs through the snow with a stick in its mouth .
A fluffy dog carries a stick through snow .
A large brown and white dog is carrying a stick through a white and snowy area .
A brown and white dog is running up a grassy hill .
A dog is running up a grassy hill .
A dog on a grassy hill .
A dog running uphill.
a white and brown dog is running up a grassy hill .
A bicycle rider takes a daring jump as his friends watch .
a biker jumps over a pile of dirt .
A man in blue jeans is jumping a bike over hills of dirt .
A man jumps off a ramp on his bike .
A man rides a bicycle over a dirt ramp .
A young girl in jeans is standing on a tree limb posing for the camera .
A young girl posing for a photo while standing in a tree .
girl posing on tree.
There is a young girl in jeans and a striped shirt standing on a tree branch .
The young girl is standing in a tree .
A brown dog is running and looking up at the sky .
A brown dog runs on brown grass .
A golden colored dug prances in the grass .
The brown dog is playing outdoors .
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area .
A man in a burnt red shirt carrying a shoulder bag walking along a city street .
A man in a red t-shirt , gray hair stand with a black backpack over his shoulder .
A man wearing a red shirt looks to the left while standing in a city .
Man carrying his shoulder bag walking down the street .
The man in the red shirt is carrying a black bag through the city streets .
two dancers each wearing black outfits with battons in midair.
Two girls in black toss their guns in the air .
Twome women in black jumpsuits throw objects in the air in sync .
Two women in black outfits and barefoot are looking up .
Two women in black practising throwing rifles in the air .
A girl bends over backwards in the tall grass .
A girl does a back bend in a field .
A girl doing a back bend .
a little girl doing a back bend on a grassy field.
A young girl does a back hand spring in tall grass .
A black dog fetches a large stick out of the water .
A black dog is juming into the water and catches a stick in its mouth .
A black dog rears out of a pond , carrying a big stick in his mouth .
A black dog runs through the water carrying a stick .
Dog fetching a stick in the lake .
A black and white dog is running on the beach .
A dog runs on the beach .
Black and white dog on wet sand .
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand .
This large black and white dog is running on the sand .
a soccer player kicking a goal in.
A soccer player kicks a ball into the unmanned goal .
A soccer player prepares to kick the ball .
Man in red , white and blue sport uniform on field with soccer ball above ground in front of him .
View of a soccer ball being kicked into a goal net.
a lone skier skiing down a snowy mountain on one ski .
A man skis downhill on a mountain .
A mountain skier heads down a mountain .
A skier in a blue outfit is skiing down the hill with a red pack on his back .
A snowboarder on a wide plain of snow.
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass.
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track .
A light brown dog runs happily by a green fence .
Orange dog runs on dirt beside green fence .
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt .
A game of hockey is being played .
A man wearing a sports uniform runs down the field as another follows .
A player in purple , white , and black attempts to make a play near the end of a field .
number fiveteen runs with the lacrosse ball .
Two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field .
an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court .
Men training for ballet dancing in gym.
People dancing in front of instructor.
Several people are participating in an athletics class .
Various people on a basketball court .
A little brown dog is running in a field .
A little brown dog is running on the grass .
A little brown dog runs through the grass .
A puppy runs in a grassy field , a dirt road in the background .
A small brown dog is running over grass littered with dry leaves .
Two people play on the beach .
Two women are playing a racquet game on the beach .
Two women in bathing suits play on the beach .
Two women in bikinis play on the beach .
Two women on a beach .
A crowd of joyful people parade through an Asian street with black banners .
A crowd of people carrying flags bike and walk through the streets .
A group of people riding double on bicycles carrying black flags .
Asian people are riding bike and holding up banners in a parade .
People ride bikes and carry black flags along a road where others are gathered .
A group of Asian teenagers are holding flags on a street .
A group of happy young men and women hold flags with Chinese writing on them .
A group of young Asian boys and girls holding black flags .
Guys and girls are standing around holding black flags with Asian characters .
several young asian people carrying black and white flags.
A group of girls and guys hang out , one is making a sad face .
A group of women ; one serious , one frowning , and another smiling .
A woman in a pink sweater looks pensive next to a crowd of laughing women .
A young girl gazes at something in the distance as those around her talk .
There are oriental people standing together .
A black and brown dog wrestle , and a little dog watches .
Several dogs are playing in the grass near a boat .
Several dogs play outside near a boat .
three dogs wrestle for a toy .
Two dogs tussling over a stuffed toy on a yard , with a boat in its carrier the background .
A blonde woman is next to a man in a red shirt .
A blond woman is guessing a brown-haired man on the cheek .
a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown haired man .
A man muscular man wearing an orange shirt is being kissed on the cheek by a blond woman wearing a black shirt .
A woman kisses the cheek of a man in an orange t-shirt .
A lone hiker treks through deep snow near rocky peaks .
A mountain climber on a snowy plain near a mountaintop .
A person travels down a snowy path into the mountains .
On a mountaintop a climber is seen in the distance , black figure against white snow.
Someone is walking through the snow with snow covered mountains behind them .
people with equipment climbing up a snowy mountain.
People are hiking up a mountain in the snow .
Two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope .
Two hikers with backpacks crossing a snow field .
Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .
A kid is climbing on a rope course .
A little girl climbing a ropes apparatus .
A young girl climbing a rope ladder.
Children climb a jungle gym .
young girl and boy cross a rope bridge.
Two elderly people walk down a city sidewalk by words written in chalk .
Two men walk along a busy city street with words printed on the sidewalk .
Two men walk through a city with words on the street .
Two older men in business attire are walking in a city , text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk .
Two people walk down a city street that has writing on it .
a boy in a purple shirt is doing a skateboard stunt on a wooden ramp beside a white building .
A boy on a black skateboard going down a ramp with a white building behind him.
A boy wearing purple rides a skateboard up a ramp .
A skateboarder uses a skateboard ramp .
Skateboard rider riding a skateboard down a wooden ramp .
A man and woman sit in a brightly lit stage set .
A nighttime street scene of a restaurant .
A street side restaurant.
People sitting in a well-lit restaurant .
Tiny restaurant with meat handing in display .
A boy in an orange shirt grinds a skateboard ramp .
a lone skateboarder wearing an orange shirt jumping on a ramp.
A skateboarder uses a ramp .
A young man in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp .
Skateboarder on a ramp as seen through a chain link fence .
A girl smiles at another girl in a group of people hanging out .
A girl in pink giving another girl a hug .
A young teenage girl talks to another teenager with a red sweatshirt .
Girl wearing a hat and holding her bike talks to her friend .
Two young girls are talking to one another on a busy street in Asia .
A girl with a bun is sitting at a desk .
Group of people , from behind , seated in a line of desks by windows in library .
People are sitting at desks in a library .
Person sitting at a desk in a library .
two people are sitting at desks by the windows in a library .
There are two women crossing the street in front of two buses .
Two women in headwraps are hurrying past buses .
Two women walk in front of a bus to cross the road .
Two women walk on the street in front of two buses .
Two women with their heads covered crossing the road in front of buses .
A boat docked at the harbor .
A man standing on the dock beside a building and a tugboat .
A red tugboat is about to dock at a port .
A tugboat is parked at the pier with a house on deck .
The boat is pulled up to dock and a man is pulling something out of the water .
A dog is leaping for a tennis ball .
A dog leaps in the air parallel to a tennis ball .
A dog leaps in the air while chasing a tennis ball .
Two dogs chasing a ball .
Two dogs in a field are running to catch a tennis ball .
A girl defends the basketball from another player .
A girl playing basketball attempts a shot while another girl aggresively defends her .
Girls participating in a basketball game in front of a crowd .
The female basket player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .
The opposing basketball player is making a hook shot over the defender .
A beige dog runs behind a white dog holding a yellow toy .
a dog chases another dog with a toy in its mouth .
a dog running in a park with a rubber chicken in its mouth .
A white dog carries a yellow toy while another dog follows .
The dog is holding a yellow toy .
A snowboarder dressed in yellow makes a jump .
a snowboarder gets air off a jump .
A snowboarder is doing a trick .
A snowboarder jumping .
A viewer from a helicopter watches a snowboarder below.
A child rides a unicycle while a crowd watches .
A little girl rides on a bicycle during a parade .
A small girl riding a unicycle .
Girl in plaid shirt riding a unicycle .
Person in checked shirt riding unicycle while crowd watches .
A man curls up while sitting on a couch in a busy public area .
A man is slouching on a couch with people walking and sitting around him .
A man wearing a hat sleeping in a large brown chair .
A person in a baseball cap and jeans resting on a brown couch .
People sit and walk through a crowded area .
A blonde baby girl in green is walking and holding a box .
A little girl in a green dress with blue dots is carrying a box with a handle .
A little girl in bright green is walking on pavement while carrying a bag or box .
A little girl runs down a summer street with no shoes and a lunchbox .
A young girl walks with a lunchbox .
A man with a white beard , a partially bald man and a woman with short hair posing for a picture.
Three people are posing for a camera .
Two bearded men and a woman .
Two men and a woman pose for a picture .
Two men and woman posing together .
A group of girls climb up a snowy hill .
Four children climbing up a snow covered hill .
Four kids are climbing a shallow snow covered hill while wearing winter gear .
Four kids climb a snowy hill , one struggles .
Four snowsuit clad children climb up a snowy hillside .
Four spectators watch three competition skiers pass by .
Men skiing .
Skiiers race in the snow .
Three skiers are coming over and down a hill while spectators are watching .
Two men Nordic ski racing while others watch from behind .
A man and woman sit and talk at the dinner table .
The man with the guitar case smiled at the other man .
The two old men are sitting in a room , one of them wears a tan hat and holds a cello case .
Two men sitting down inside , one of them holding an instrument case .
Two older men sitting at a table , one holding a guitar case.
A man is skating through a tunnel .
A person skates along the inside of a long tube .
A rollerblader rides high in a full pipe while others watch.
A rollerblader skating inside a tube .
A skateboarder whizzes through a tunnel .
A couple look at some artwork .
A couple stands near a piano and look up at a painting .
A couple viewing a large painting hung on a red wall .
a man and a woman are looking at a painting in a gallery .
The man and woman look at a painting of naked people .
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave .
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
a surfer rides a medium sized wave .
A surfer wearing a black wetsuit is riding a white wave in the ocean .
Man in a wetsuit catching a wave on a surfboard .
a man in a dark outfit and sunglasses is riding a mountain bike through a forest near a stream .
A man is riding his bike through a wooded area in the morning .
A man rides a mountain bike down a slope in the woods .
A man riding a bicycle down a mountainside .
Man is cross-country cycling in the forest .
A boy is airborne on a bicycle above an urban walkway near a handrail .
A cyclist is performing a jump near to a railing and a brick wall .
A man jumps his bicycle in a public park .
A teenage boy does tricks on his bicycle .
The boy is doing a stunt through the air , on a bicycle .
A large man and large woman sitting on a park bench with a bottle of soda between them .
A man and a woman sitting on a bench .
An overweight man makes arm gestures on a park bench and a woman watches him .
A woman and a man sitting on opposite ends of a coach .
The two large people are sitting outside on a bench.
A group of greyhounds race on a track .
A kangaroo wearing a yellow and black striped vest with the number eight on it is hopping .
many dogs race around the track .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track .
Race dogs run their fastest down a sandy track .
A man in a dark hat shoots a handgun .
a man shoots a gun .
A man shoots a gun that emits a bright light .
A man with long sleeves is firing a flare pistol at night .
A stop motion picture of a man firing a handgun in a dark area .
A girl in green looks at the camera and stands in front of a huge crowd of indescript faces .
A girl with brown hair and a green shirt is standing near escalators .
A redheaded woman with a crowd in the background .
A woman standing expressionless .
Woman with brown hair and brown eyes wearing a green shirt .
a few dogs jumping around in the snow.
A large dog and two smaller dogs running around in the snow .
Three dogs are in the snow in front of a fence .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
Three dogs run around in the snow .
Snowboarders are jumping their boards off a mound of snow .
Snowboarders do tricks on mountain .
Three people make snowboard jumps .
Two people ride their snowboards high above a snowy ramp .
two snowboarders jump .
A person in a black jacket doing tricks on a motorbike .
A person on a bike doing a wheelie on a rock .
A person on a motorcycle doing a wheelie off of a rock .
A person rides their bicycle onto a rock and balances on one wheel .
The man is riding a motorcycle over jagged rocks .
A man is guiding the hockey puck across the ice while an opposing player races towards it .
hockey player in white uniform with stick.
Two hockey players wearing yellow and black uniforms skate on the ice .
Two ice hockey players.
Two people in hockey uniforms on the ice .
A boy and his dog are standing on a trampoline , enjoying each others company .
A boy looks at a dog while they stand on a trampoline outside .
A buy with glasses petting his bulldog , on the pavement with woods in the background .
A muscular dog with upturned face looking into eyes of a young boy .
Dog with tongue out looking up at a young boy with glasses.
A bird swooping over water .
A bird , wings outstreached , over the water .
A black and white bird is flying over water .
A white bird spreads its wings and jumps into the water feet first .
A white bird with a black beak begins to land near the water .
A black and brown dog rolls around in the grass .
A brown and black dog is rubbing his face in the grass .
A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass .
A large dog rubs its face in the grass .
Black dog rolls head in grass .
a brown dog is jumping up at a woman in a black coat .
A dog jumps for the woman 's treat .
A large black and white dog jumps up to get something held by a woman wearing a black jacket .
a woman teaches a dog to jump for treats , outside on the grass .
A woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping .
A child gets ready to slide down the slide .
A young girl in jeans sits at the top of a red and yellow slide .
The little girl in pigtails is preparing to go down the slide .
The little girl is sitting on the slide .
There is a little girl sitting at the top of a red slide .
A boy on a bicycle in midair after going off of a wooden ramp .
a man jumping off a ramp in a bike.
A person jumping their bike in the woods in front of trees with no leaves .
A person jumps a bicycle off a ramp in a barren forest .
A person on a bike is making a high jump along a trail in the woods .
An elderly woman is wearing a pink striped shirt .
an older woman in a pink striped shirt.
An older woman with a striped shirt rubbing her chin .
A woman in a pink striped shirt , with her hand up .
Older lady is appears to be getting ready to cover her mouth .
A man sits in a chair smoking a cigarette .
A man sitting in a chair smoking a cigarette .
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting in a chair .
Man sitting in a black chair smoking at a restaurant .
The man wearing glasses , with a cigarette in his mouth , sits in a chair .
A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it .
A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog .
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch .
a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing .
Outside by the trees , a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase .
A large grey and white water bird .
A large white bird flies over water .
A white birds lands swiftly in the water .
bird is taking off out of the water.
Large white crane is flying low near the water .
One dog on the ground and another dog standing above it .
Two beige dogs play in the grass .
Two dogs in a field , facing each other .
Two dogs play with one another on the grass .
two tan dogs play in the grass.
A group of people racing horses on a beach .
Four people are riding horseback on the beach .
Four people are riding horses on the beach .
Four people riding horses along beach .
People riding horses on the beach .
A group of men wearing yellow shawls walk in a line .
Men walk in line carrying things .
People in orange robes line up behind a man wearing sunglasses .
three Buddhists walk on the street .
Three men in orange robes holding metal pots .
a lone skateboarder in midair with a huge wooden ramp and silver graffiti in the background.
A male skateboarder Takes advantage of the half pipe .
A skateboarder high in the air at indoor ramp .
Man on skateboard , jumping through the air .
Skateboarder performing a trick high in the air on a ramp .
A dog jumping in the snow at the edge of the forest.
A dog jumps across the snowy ground .
A dog runs through a snowy field .
Dog running through the snow .
The grey and white dog is running through the snow .
A group of friends play in a lake .
Five people are in a natural water source .
many children play in the water .
People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .
Several people are playing outside in the water .
A man stands on a surfboard in the ocean with a stick in his hand .
A man stands on a surfboard , paddling it out into the ocean .
a surfer uses an oar to get out in the ocean .
Man stands on surfboard with paddle in ocean .
The surfer passes a fellow surfer while paddling into the surf .
A person in a raincoat stands in a boat going across the water .
A person in a yellow slicker is driving a motorboat next to the beach .
A person on a boat by the shore .
fisherman motors ahead in his boat , facing the sun.
This person is driving a boat on a secluded beach .
A skier flies through the air in front of a mountainous landscape .
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range .
A skier performs a high jump in a snow-covered valley .
A snow skier is taking a huge leap over a snow slope .
Skier in red jumping high in the air over the snow .
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag .
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag .
Little brown dog sticking head in a coloful bag filled with cloth .
The dog has his face in the bag of Christmas presents .
The red-brown dog digs his nose to investigate a holiday gift bag .
A group of people are in the water .
Many people are in the water near a hillside .
Many people hang out in a body of water .
Many people swimming is a lake surrounded by trees and houses .
Several people bathe in a lake .
A group of 5 men in the air in front of a canal and houses .
Five guys in tuxes and sneakers are jumping in the air .
Five men dressed in tuxedos and tennis shoes are jumping for a silly wedding photo .
Five men in tuxedos jump for joy in front of a mountain range .
five men wearing tuxedos jump up in the air in front of a small river.
Two dogs are barking in a kitchen while a person sits at a table .
Two dogs are waiting to be fed in the kitchen .
Two dogs are waiting with their mouths open by a person sat in a dining room chair .
two dogs bark at a man in a chair .
Two dogs begging a partially seen person for food at a kitchen table .
A man on a board with the aid of a parachute travels quickly through the snow .
A person parachuting down the site of a snow covered mountain .
A person para gliding into the snowy mountains .
Person with blue jacket windsailing with blue , white and orange sail over snow and rock front .
This person is parachuting with skis onto a snowy hill .
A man is in the air upside-down in the snow .
A person doing tricks on a slope .
A person is skiing and doing a flip in the snow .
A skier goes upside down kicking snow in the air .
A skier is doing a flip in the snow .
A dog is at the top of a blue slide and a little boy is behind him .
A dog is running onto the top of a blue slide .
A yellow dog leads a child in going down a blue slide .
A yellow lab descends a slide , while a mother in a red sweater and a child in a black shirt play with a brown dog .
dog coming down a slide from a wooden playhouse.
two ladies posing for a picture.
Two middle aged heavyset woman standing next to each other and smiling at the camera .
Two middle aged women stand for a picture near a forest .
Two older women smiling and standing in front of large trees , one woman is fixing her hair .
Two women with long hair and large-boned physiques are posing for a camera in front of trees .
a couple men sitting outside of a bar.
Men sit and talk at the storefront of a cafe .
There are two people inside , and two men outside , a cafe ; with a tv on in the background .
Two men are sitting at a table outside a coffee shop .
Two men sit outside a cafe painted blue .
Behind a " 3rd St " sign and traffic light , building construction continues .
On a multi-story construction site a number of workers in red shirts lean on temporary railings and rest .
People are standing in a building that 's under construction near 3rd St .
Several people are looking out from a building that is under construction .
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign.
A person sitting in a chair in front of a glass door.
A person sitting in a green chair outside of a building surrounded by trash .
A woman enjoys a meal outside of a building with her possessions surrounding her .
A woman sitting outside a doorway wearing a red hat .
A woman wearing a red hat surrounded by trash and sitting outside of a building.
A group of men are playing rugby in a field with houses visible in the distance .
A group of rugby players in action on a green field .
A group of young men in colorful uniforms playing with a white ball .
A team of soccer players lifts one teammate so that he can reach the ball .
Two rugby teams playing in a field with a ball .
A man on a snow cover hill is snowboarding .
A ski boarder making a jump on a snowy hillside .
A snowboarder in a white coat in the air after a jump .
A snowboarder grabs his board while midair .
Snowboarder in midair above snowy hill .
A boy is standing on a snowy hill looking at a sunset or sunrise .
A child stands in the snow .
A child stands in the snow and looks at a pretty sky .
Boy in winter gear facing away in snowy area , lake and sunset in distance .
Someone with a red had and red and white mittens standing in the snow overlooking a lake .
A dog is chasing after a ball in a field .
A small brown and white dog chases a white ball over the grass .
A small dog chases a white ball on the grass.
A small dog is playing with a ball on the grass .
The small dog is chasing a ball .
A long-boarder catches himself before hitting the ground .
a man wearing a blue and black striped shirt skateboarding down a steap street.
A skateboarding boy touches his hands to the ground with a long hill in the background .
Boy skateboarding on residential street , falling farward with hands on the ground .
The skateboarder is turning around while holding onto the ground .
A person is pointing at a geyser .
A woman in a white t-shirt points at a geyser .
A woman pointing at a geyser .
The girl is pointing at a geyser.
Women pointing at a geyser .
Two dogs are running up a woodland path .
two dogs run across the woods .
Two dogs running toward trees .
Two dogs run on a path near a stone bench .
Two tri-colored short dogs run away from the camera in the trees .
A man dressed in a funny outfit dancing around .
a person wearing a lkievely outfit dancing on some concrete .
A person wrapped in wrapping paper and tinsel .
A rear view of a person dressed like a clown .
The person is wearing a colorful and checkered outfit.
A person in red jumps his snowboard with the ocean in the background .
A snowboarder in the air near a red barrel .
a snowboarder jumps over a barrel .
Person in red jacket , dark pants , on a snowboard .
Snow surfer flying in air .
A group of Asian girls are standing together .
A group of asian women in sports attire , and one woman in the center is wearing a baseball cap .
Four teenagers in dark clothes looking in various directions .
There are several asian people , one wearing a baseball cap .
Two girls laugh while other girls look on .
a brown dog retrieves a stick in a rocky river.
A dog running through a creek .
A dog running with something in his mouth in shallow water .
A dog with a stick in its mouth runs through the rocks in shallow water .
A soaking wet dog is splashing through the water .
A boy is riding a skateboard down a slope that leads from a bridge to the street below .
A guy skateboarding .
A male attempts skateboard tricks by a bridge .
A man jumping with a skateboard under a bridge .
A skateboarder jumps on an urban alleyway .
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .
A woman blows a massive bubble .
A woman in an aqua shirt is surrounded by a large bubble and is standing next to a boy in a yellow shirt .
The woman in blue appears to blowing glass while a child looks on .
Woman in blue shirt blowing very large bubble.
A brown dog sits on a couch .
A dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some paper.
A very large dog laying on a bed with pieces of paper all around him .
The dog is lying on a bed with torn paper nearby and a person watching nearby .
The large brown dog sat on the bed surronded by wrapping paper .
a brown and white dog swimming in water.
A brown dog is making a big splash whilst trying to swim .
A dog swims and splashes .
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water .
Dog swimming and splashing through water .
A brown dog with a black collar licks its own mouth .
A dog licks his nose .
A large dog licking its nose .
Brown dog with black collar licking nose .
Dog sticking out its tongue .
a black and brown dog playing with a stick.
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick .
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick .
A large black dog chews on a stick .
The dog is biting a stick .
a dog jumps over a bar with a ball in its mouth .
A fluffy white and brown dog is jumping over an obstacle and holding a tennis ball in its mouth .
Brown and white dog jumping over a low rail with a tennis ball in his mouth .
The dog is jumping with a ball in his mouth .
The small yellow and white dog jumps over an obstacle with a tennis ball .
A crane , wings outstreached , above the ocean .
A large bird landing on water .
A large gray and white bird begins to take flight .
Bird spreads wings over water .
Large dark bird over the water .
A dog plays with a toy in the grass .
A rotweiler playfully rolls over int he grass with a toy .
Black and tan dog playing with a toy and rolling on the grass .
Dog chewing up ball while rolling in grass.
The dog is resting after a game of fetch .
A camera man videotapes a skier climbing a tree stump .
A man on ski has jumped in a tree while another man is watching.
A person in skis is jumping off the side of a tree while someone records it .
a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man.
A skier jumps through the air , next to a tall tree , while a man videotapes him .
The dogs are in the snow in front of a fence .
The dogs play on the snow .
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow .
Two brown dogs wrestle in the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
A man is snowboarding down a snowy hill .
A person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow .
a snowboarder in an orange jacket is airborne on a snowboard .
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill.
Man on a snowboard sliding in the air down a snow covered hill .
A bicycler jumps a ramp outside in the dark night .
A man is sitting on a bike in the middle of the woods .
A person doing a trick on a bike.
A person in a black jacket is jumping through the air on a bike .
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick in the air .
A bicycle goes downhill .
A bicyclist wearing a dark helmet and a blue jacket jumps over a mound in a field .
A man in a blue jacket riding a bike.
A man is biking on a hill .
A person rides their bike down a hill .
An elderly woman in pink sunglasses holding a newspaper.
An older woman in a rose patterned shirt is carrying two newspapers .
An old woman with pink sunglasses is holding two magazines in a busy street .
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands .
A woman wearing sunglasses holds two newspapers .
A skier makes the only path on an empty mountain .
A snowboarder in a red jacket slides down a snowy mountain .
A snowboarder wearing a red jacket is going down a mountain .
a snowboarder wearing red is descending a snow covered mountain .
Skier in red skiing down a snowy mountain .
A dark-haired young woman , number 528 , wearing red and white , is preparing to throw a shot put .
A girl is curling in a competition .
Athletic woman in red and white uniform throwing shot put .
A woman is about to race around a track .
Shotput athlete getting ready to throw .
A baby crawls at a playground .
A baby in a baseball shirt crawls through a tube .
A baby smiling for the camera .
A small baby at a park in a tube .
A young boy looks through a tube .
A black horse stands in the grass at a fence , while a brown dog looks on .
a black horse sticking its head through a fence trying to reach the grass .
A brown dog is looking at a black horse that is sticking its head through a fence .
A brown dog is looking at the black horse on the other side of the gate .
A horse and dog look at each other in a field .
A female tennis player hitting the ball.
A woman in a white tennis outfit has jumped into the air to hit a tennis ball .
A woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .
A woman wearing white jumps up to hit the ball during a tennis match .
A woman wearing white reaches high above herself to hit a tennis ball .
Children dancing on hardwood flooring .
Two children are playing or dancing inside .
Two little girls dance on a hardwood floor in the house .
two little girls dancing on the floor.
Two young girls playing in a house .
a female tennis player is lining up to take a swing with her racquet .
A girl wearing white swings her tennis racket back .
A tennis player in white gets ready to hit the ball .
A woman in a white outfut playing tennis .
A young woman playing tennis .
The women have been wounded .
Two women in black have blood on their face and knee .
Two women , one sitting in a chair , the other standing , appear to be injured .
Two women sport bloody wounds .
Two women talk while standing underneath a white tent .
A dog runs toward the camera , his tongee hanging out the side of his mouth.
A dog gith golden fur runs in dhe park , the sun striking its fur .
A light colored dog with tongue hanging out of this mouth running on the grass .
A tan dog runs along the grass .
The dog plays in the park .
Two figures stand in a snowy setting wearing white and hot pink outfits , gazing towards a mountain .
Two people dressed in white ropes and pink gloves look at the mountain .
Two people dressed up in white sheets and pink gloves stare at a snow covered glacier off in the distance .
Two people in white robes look at a snowy mountain .
Two people wearing white and pink plastic gesture at a mountain in the distance .
A biker flies through the air near sand dunes .
A biker holds onto their bike while in the air with a mountin in the background .
A cyclist jumping into the air.
A person in the air holding on to a bicycle .
A person jumps high in the air holding onto their bicycle .
A couple gazes in awe at a display at a carnival.
There is a man in red and two children looking at a large , round , colorful wheel .
Three people are standing at a carnival game .
two people play a game at a carnival .
Two people stand before a spinning wheel at a carnival .
A dog catches a toy in the snow .
A dog playing in the snow .
A dog playing in the snow , ready to catch a toy.
A white and black dog is about to catch an object while it stands in a snowy field .
Dog with a red collar running in the snow .
smiling girls sitting on rounded platform.
The older girl is laughing and holding the younger girl outside.
Two girls are enjoying themselves on a spinning platform .
Two girls are sitting together on a spinning platform .
Two girls hapily playing in a park .
a boy in a blue top is jumping off some rocks in the woods .
A boy jumps off a tan rock .
A boy jumps up in a field in the woods .
A young boy jumps off a rock in the forest.
Child in blue and grey shirt jumping off hill in the woods.
A bulldog jumps over a log next to a stream .
A dog is pawing at a fallen log nearby a stream in an area with pinestraw .
Black and white dog grabs tree limb.
The black and white dog jumps by a log near a creek .
The dog plays with the large log .
A large man sits in a military accessories store .
A man in glasses is sitting behind a table laden with military memorabilia .
A man is sitting at a table full of military items and clothing .
A man sits at a table crowded with military merchandise .
Veteran shows off different things from a war .
A dog lies upside down on the grass .
A dog rolls on its back in the grass .
Brown and white dog rolling around on the grass .
Dog on its back rolling around in the grass .
The dog is rolling on its back on the grass with its mouth wide open .
An older woman with a small dog in the snow.
A woman and a cat are outside in the snow .
A woman in a brown vest is walking on the snow with an animal .
A woman with a red scarf covering her head walks with her cat on snow-covered ground .
Heavy set woman in snow with a cat.
A black dog chases birds on the shoreline.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean .
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean .
Black dog running behind three birds on shore with waves in the background .
There is a dog running along the beach .
A man in a leather jacket and striped shirt points at something off camera .
A man in sunglasses , a red striped sweater , and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger .
A man with dark glasses , a black jacket , and a white and red horizontally-striped shirt pointing at something while standing on a sidewalk .
A man with shaggy hair and a moustache pointing down a street .
The man with the red and grey shirt and glasses is pointing .
A blurry dog jumps through water .
A small tan dog jumping out of the water.
Small brown dog jumping out of the water .
The fuzzy dog runs through the water .
Wet brown dog , jumping out of the water .
A man in dark clothes leaning off of a building entrance with upraised arms .
A man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .
A skateboard rider riding his skateboard down the steps of a building .
The man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building .
The skateboarder wearing a black t-shirt and black pants is in front of the red brick building .
A lady stand in front of a red truck holding her dog .
A woman carrying a black and white dog on a sidewalk in front of parallel parked cars .
A woman holding a white and black dog .
A young lady poses for photo with her dog .
Woman holding dog on street .
A boy on a skateboard grinding down a handrail .
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night .
A man is skateboarding down a railing on some stairs .
A skateboarder slides down a metal railing .
A young boy does skateboarding tricks down metal stairs .
The man on the left is looking at the woman and the man .
The two men and one woman wearing jackets are standing in front of a white and blue building .
Three people are standing in front of an arcade .
Three people in coats stand in front of a blue building .
Three people wearing mostly black are standing in front of a blue door .
A boy on a swing .
A little boy is swinging on a swing beside some trees and a river .
A toddler swings back very high .
A young boy is riding a swing high in the air .
Small child swinging on a swing with trees in the background .
A boy wearing a white apron has is arms out in a communal darts and craft room whilst a boy in blue looks on .
A crowd of people gather for a meal indoors .
A room full of adults and children .
Children serving at a community dinner .
people in a school cafeteria with a boy in the foreground wearing yellow and brown stripes.
Two brunettes , one with tattoos , hug and smile at camera indoors .
Two middle-aged women with tattoos hug each other for the camera .
Two women , one with tattoos , hold each other and smile .
Two young women posing and holding each other in close-up .
Two young women posing for a picture.
A brown and white dog on a trampoline with a forest in the background .
a brown and white dog with a red collar getting on a trampoline.
A dog gets on a trampoline .
dog with a red collar on a trampoline.
The brown and white dog is standing on a trampoline with its tongue hanging out .
A man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras .
A person stands wearing sunglasses , a boat and two cameras .
A person wearing a grey jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera .
A woman wearing a grey jacket and pink sunglasses.
The man with a gray jacket and red sunglasses is holding cameras and standing in front of a car .
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt .
A group of people perform together onstage .
Costumed performers stand onstage with their arms outstretched .
Performers performing a play .
Three people are doing ballet exercises in extravagant costumes .
Two ladies next to a stroller inside a building .
Two woman stand near a stroller in a dark building .
Two women with a baby carriage in a building next to a table and chairs .
Two women with a baby stroller in a fancy restaurant .
Two women with strollers standing next to a table and chair .
A brown and white dog has caught a yellow ball in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground.
A fluffy brown dog jumping with a ball in his mouth .
A white fluffy dog is jumping and catching a toy .
The shaggy dog leaps and catches the ball .
A golden retreiver standing outside in the snow with a person standing with skis and poles .
A man and a dog outside in a snow storm .
A person is standing on skis in the snow with a dog .
Person with skis and a dog are standing in the snow .
The man is skiing in the snow with a large brown dog .
A man in white shorts and a wet-suit top is riding on a bright yellow surfboard .
A man on a yellow surfboard rides an easy wave .
A man rides a yellow surfboard .
A man surfs on a yellow board .
Surfer on long yellow board .
A boy on a skateboard is on a wall near the water and next to grass .
A boy on a skateboard is riding on a stone wall.
Skateboarder preparing to jump off of stone wall .
The skateboarder does a trick on the low stone wall .
Young man skateboarding on a retaining wall in a suburban area .
A bicyclist rides on ramps .
A bike rider does a trick in the air .
A man performs a bike trick on a ramp .
Extreme BMX rider defying gravity.
Person doing tricks on a bicycle in a skatepark .
A man battles the waves as his yellow kayak goes perpendicular in the water .
A man in a yellow kayak negotiates some white water .
A man in a yellow kayak riding through rapids .
Man in a yellow kayak is paddling through the rapids .
The man in the yellow canoe is in a large wave .
A dog catching a ball in a snowy field .
A dog catching the ball in the snow .
A dog leaps in the snow to catch a ball .
A dog playing in the snow with a white ball .
Black dog catches ball in the snow .
A man is placing jewelry on an extravagantly-haired and decorated female sculpture or stiffly-posed woman .
A performer wearing a h.
A person being dressed in clothing with feathers and sequins .
The dancer gets her final makeup before going out onstage .
Two men fixing drag queen 's costume .
A homeless man in a wheelchair is holding a cup out for a man to put some change into.
a man donates to a panhandler .
A wheelchair bound person receiving a tip from a passerby .
Elderly man in wheelchair begging for handout.
The man in the tan shirt gives to the man in the wheelchair and hat .
An person runs at the waters edge at the ocean .
A person is running across the beach at the waters edge .
A person 's legs , backlit , run through the surf .
Someone runs along the beach in the bright sun .
Someone 's legs are in frame running over a beach shore .
A man does a handstand in the sand .
A man doing a handstand in shallow water on the beach .
A man is performing a handstand on the beach .
A topless male does a handstand on a beach .
The male is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach .
A group of friends play instruments in the middle of the woods .
A group of people are in the woods playing instruments .
A group of people playing instruments in the woods .
A group of six men stand in a circle playing instruments in a wooded parking lot .
Six men have a band practice in the woods .
A bunch of people are talking down a city street with old buildings on both sides of them .
A crowded street in Italy .
Crowd of people in street lined with tall tan buildings .
Group of people crossing a street with building surrounding them .
People walking on a street .
A child on a kiddie swing being pushed by a woman.
An adult smiles with a child on a swing .
A young woman watches as a young blond boy swings in a chair swing with buildings visible in the background .
The woman stands outdoors , next to a child in a swing .
Woman standing , with a child on a swing .
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow .
Brown and black dogs on snow , showing teeth and barking at each other .
Two dogs are fighting in the snow .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
Two dogs fight in the snow .
A man wearing a bow tie and glasses poses for a photo .
A man wearing glasses and a green bow tie .
A man with a bow-tie looks at the camera with no expression .
A man with a bow-tie made out of a dollar and wearing glasses is looking into the camera .
An old man wearing a green bow-tie and glasses looking toward the camera .
Two guys with one guy holding a homeless sign .
Two homeless men are leaning on a brick wall and holding up a cardboard sign .
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign .
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign .
Two young men stand holding a sign against a wall .
A girl in a blue shirt is smiling with another girl .
Closeup of two women hugging each other.
two middle aged women smile for the camera .
two women sharing a drink taking a blurred photo of their faces.
Two women with their arms around each other smile into the camera .
A guy and girl having their photo taken .
A man holding a drink is being hugged by a woman wearing a black shirt .
A man holding a drink poses with a woman .
A tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag .
A woman with dyed blonde and brown hair has her arm around the man who is holding a cup .
A man and his female teammate watch his shot as they play a game of a beer pong .
A man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups .
A man trying to throw a ball into red cups .
People play beer pong .
The two people are next to a brown house .
A girl in yellow is laying down and man is looking at the camera .
A man and a woman are laid back relaxing on the couch .
A man in a purple shirt in front of a woman in a yellow shirt .
A woman lays down with a camera and a man leans back on her taking the picture .
Two young people taking pictures of themselves while laying atop each other.
An Asian boy and girl are walking in a park .
An Asian boy and girl walking amongst a crowd with trees over their path .
An Asian teenage boy in a pink and black jacket walks with a teenage girl in a brown jacket .
Two Asian girls walk along the park .
Two Asian teens in jackets.
A man in a blue headband and white shirt plays tennis .
A player watches the tennis ball he hit go flying , as the crowd watches .
A tennis player getting ready to backhand the ball in a tennis match .
A tennis player in mid-swing .
A tennis player in the middle of a game .
a black and white dog jumping through the snow.
A black dog jumping through high snow .
A black dog jumps down a snowy hill .
A black dog jumps out of a pile of thick white snow .
The black dog is gliding down through the snow .
A group of people with gloves on working on large colorful squares .
Artists working on a mosaic on the ground .
Group of people are down on their hands and knees making something on the ground .
People are painting colored squares on the ground .
Three women painting on the sidewalk .
a couple posing together each smiling.
A smiling woman in a brown shirt leans on a man in a sweater .
A woman in brown and a man in grey look at the camera .
Man with brown hair and a woman with blond hair smile .
Two guys and a girl smiling .
A group of people sit in lawn chairs at the edge of a large cliff .
People in folding chairs take in the view from a cliff .
People sitting on chairs overlooking a steep rocky incline .
Several people sit in chairs near a canyon .
Several people sitting on foldable chairs near a geological formation .
A group of people stand in the snow in a mountain .
A person is jumping over a house on skis .
a snowboarder jumps over a shed .
People watch as a person skis down a mountain .
Skiiers on a snowy mountain .
A brown dog digging a hole .
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant.
A brown dog is digging a hole in the dirt .
A dog digs a hole in a yard .
This brown dog is digging a hole while there is a plant nearby .
A boy in a blue hat is riding a green sledge on the snow at dusk .
A child in a saucer in the snow .
A child with a sled plays in the snow at dusk .
A little boy on a green sled at night .
Little boy on a green sled goes over a hill of snow as the sun sets .
A big , brown dog is shaking off while in the water .
A brown dog is in the water shaking its head .
A dog that is down in water is shaking off .
A large brown dog begins to shake while standing in the water .
The large dog wading in the water and shaking .
A black and white dog leaping out of the water .
A brown and white large dog plays in the water .
A dog runs through water .
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water.
A wet dog emerges from deep water .
A man parachuting down a snowy mountain .
A man soaring with a red parachute .
A man wearing skis and a parachute in midair.
A paraskier is landing on a mountain .
A person wearing skis is also paragliding with a red parachute .
Several young adults posing dramatically on a subway car .
Six people pose together for a picture on the subway .
Six young people are posing for a photograph on a subway train .
Six young people posing for the camera inside of a train .
Six young people cutting up on a subway .
A basketball player looks upward as a hand reaches for her ball .
A female basketball player wearing a red uniform is holding a basketball and looking up while an arm is trying to block her .
A female woman has a basketball in her hands and a determined look on her face .
A woman basketball player holding the ball grimaces with effort while another player 's arm attempts to block her .
A woman with a red basketball jersey is holding a basketball and looking up .
a boy holding a soda can in a waterfall.
A man holding a can in a waterfall .
A man is flailing in water while holding up a drink can .
A man with a canned drink is standing under a waterfall .
A young man splashes in the water , holding a canned soda.
A man surfing in the ocean .
A surfer catches a wave and tries to hold on as the surf collapses around him .
a surfer is riding a surfboard on top of a breaking wave .
A surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water .
A surfer on a wave .
A dog chasing a duck in a pond .
As the dog swims close , the duck flies away .
a white dog in a river is chasing a duck.
A white dog is swimming after a duck .
A white dog is swimming in a lake while a bird flies away .
A black and brown dog wearing a red coat rolls in the snow .
A black and tan dog in a orange jacket laying in the snow .
A brown and black dog lies in the snow with an orange vest on .
A dog wearing a jacket rolls in the snow .
A dog wearing an orange jacket is laying in the snow.
A couple watch as two young boys show them an item outside a barn while two young girls stand off to the side .
Adults and children share in the looking at something , and some young ladies stand to the side .
Adults and children stand outside of open barn .
A group of people outside a barn .
Two girls are standing by a another family in front of a wooden barn .
a group of asian girls dressed in pink and purple posing in a straight line.
Asian girls line up near some flags .
Several women in pastel colors stand in line , one holding a child on her shoulders .
Six Asian women dressed in pastels pose for a picture .
There are five women in pink and purple and one has a child on her shoulders .
A group of people stand and look at a kid who jumped .
A group of people watches a boy on a skateboard launch off a ramp .
A guy on a skateboard performs a trick in front of a crowd .
Group of people watching a skateboarder do tricks at a skate park .
People are watching a boy on a skateboard at the top of a skate ramp .
A man in a blue jacket riding a dog sled over a snow covered plain .
A man on a sled is pulled through the snow by his dogs .
A team of dogs is pulling a dog sled .
A team of dogs pulling a man on a sled .
Five dogs pull a man on a sled through the snow .
A girl in overalls is playing on a see-saw .
A little girl in blue overalls plays on a seesaw in a backyard .
a redheaded girl is siting on a see saw in the garden.
redheaded girl in the backyard sitting on a seesaw .
The young redheaded girl plays on the teeter totter .
A crowd of people are enjoying a meal with a view of a mountaintop .
A group of people sit outside a restaurant at a ski lodge .
A large group of people with snow covered mountains in the background .
many people are sitting at wooden tables overlooking snow covered mountains .
People dine outdoors at a lodge on a snowy mountain .
A group of men in green shirts and black pants holding hands.
Black people dancing in a Boston square .
Four men posing on the street in green shirts and black pants .
Several men in matching green and black outfits in front of a monument .
Three men wearing green t-shirts do a street performance .
A blue heron , wings , outstreached , prepares for landing .
A gray water fowl with black and white markings is flying near water .
A large bird is flying over water .
A large black bird is gliding over the water .
A large gray bird with yellow legs flies near the water .
A dog chews an object a woman is holding on the rocky and sandy beach .
A woman in holds a coconut in front of an interested dog .
A woman is playing with a dog and a large rock on the beach .
a woman wearing a pink shirt playing with a tan and white dog on the beach.
Woman playing with dog on a beach .
A bull rider hangs on tightly to a rope around a large , bucking bull 's back .
A man in bullfighting regalia rides a bull 's back .
A man wearing blue pants is riding a bucking bull .
A matador in a colorful outfit is riding a bull.
Bullrider at a rodeo riding a bull .
A little boy in a black and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill .
A young boy in a striped sweatshirt and jeans running in the grass .
Boy in red and black shirt walks through grass .
Boy in striped , hooded coat runs down grassy hill .
The small boy is running through a grassy area .
A man in blue sits on a wall with bags .
A man sits on a bench with some bags .
A man sitting outside with bags and a camera .
An older man in a blue hoodie is sitting down next to his bags .
Older man is sitting on a bench with his two bags .
A hockey game .
A hockey goalie reaches for the puck during a professional game .
During an ice hockey game , a man tries to make a goal .
Hockey goalie blocks a shot from a rival player as other players observe .
Hockey players around a goalie .
A girl in a sequined shirt smiles .
A young woman in a costume smiles as others gather .
Girls wearing costumes stand around , one smiles .
Several girls are in a crowd and one is smiling while the sun shines in her face .
Two girls wear fancy , glittery costumes .
Two dogs kick up dirt while running down a hill .
Two dogs running in the dirt.
Two dogs running in the dirt .
Two dogs run through dirt and weeds .
Two yellow dogs running on sand .
A dog in the snow.
A dog walks through the snow .
A golden dog looks alert as he stands in snow .
A yellow dog in the snow .
There is a medium sized tan colored dog out in the snow .
A black and white dog is running across a snow covered field .
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field .
A dog running in snow .
A dog runs on a snowy field .
A white dog with black spots runs through a field covered in snow .
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash .
A dog jumps through water .
A dog running in the water .
A dog running through water .
a dog sprints across the water .
A guy making a snowboarding move on a slope .
a lone snowboarder jumpy in the air on a snowy mountain.
A snowboarder flies through the air above the snow .
A snowboarder in midair over a snow hill .
A snowboarder performing a trick .
A black and a brown dog are walking through the woods .
A brown and a black dog are running .
A dog with a brown spot around one eye walking in front of a black dog .
Two dogs are running along a grassy path .
Two dogs running through the grass .
A dog jumps forward carrying a large stick .
A dog runs down a trail with a stick in his mouth .
a dog runs with a large stick in its mouth .
A dog with a stick in his mouth runs in a forest .
a white dog running down a path with a long stick in his mouth.
a group on white and balck birds lined up on a concrete wall.
A row of birds is sitting in front of a grey cloud .
Many birds are sitting on a concrete wall .
many birds sit on a ledge .
Pigeons framed against a looming storm .
A black limo is parked next to a crowded staircase .
A black limousine in front of a marble building with a crowd of people on the buildings steps .
A large black limousine parked in front of a building with a lot of people on the steps .
A limousine in front of a group of people on steps .
A small limousine is parked outside a large older structure .
A bunch of dogs are competing in a race .
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track .
several muzzled greyhound dogs racing around a track.
The number 2 dog in the blue vest is in the lead at the dog races .
A carnival midway at night .
A group of people gather at a stand at the fair .
Booths at a carnival.
The game booths at a carnival are shown with a doughnut shop in the background .
The people are standing around at a carnival .
Boys at an amphitheater .
Four guys are posed on a stone platform .
Four guys in front of a abandoned building trying to make a letter with their bodies.
four kids playfully pose in unusual architectural structure.
Four kids pose on a stage .
A group of young , naked children showering near large metal containers and a yellow bucket .
a group of young naked children showering outside.
Children are bathing in the falling water .
Children bathe in water from large drums .
Naked children bathe outside under a stream of water .
A child is performing with a toy while onstage with a colorful balloon backdrop .
A girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background .
A little girl does a hula hoop behind a backdrop of balloons .
A young girl hula dances in front of a colorful backdrop .
Girl is performing onstage with a hula hoop surrounded by many balloons .
A group of people are in front of a store walking across a crosswalk .
A group of people walking across a street.
Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk .
Four people and a child walking in the street .
People crossing the street.
A man in a red shirt standing next to a woman in a black shirt with a car in the background .
A man in a red shirt that says ' Espana ' and a girl with purple streaks in her hair are smiling .
A man with a red Spain shirt and a woman with purple streaks in her hair .
The man and lady pose for a picture .
The man is wearing a red shirt , while the woman standing with him has purple streaks in her hair .
A biker speeds down a dirt path in the woods .
A kid with a white shirt and helmet riding a bike through the woods.
Cyclist riding down dirt path in the woods .
Mountain biking in a forest during the early fall .
The cyclist rides on a wooded path .
A dog jumps out of a creek .
A white dog in a creek .
A white dog is jumping in natural water .
A yellow dog shaking off from a jump into a stream .
The furry beige dog is playing in the murky river water .
A brown and white dog is jumping up to catch a ball in the park .
A dog chases a tennis ball on a well manicured park lawn .
A white and brown dog jumps for a tennis ball in midair .
A white and brown dog , mid-leap , in a park .
A white dog tries to catch a tennis ball high in the air .
A bald man with an earpiece is smiling nearby a building opening .
A man with a white mustache and an earpiece is smiling .
A mustache man wears an earphone .
A smiling man with a headphones and a grey mustache.
The bald man with the white mustache is wearing a bluetooth earpiece .
a bird lands in the water .
A blue , long-legged wading bird prepares to land in water .
A large bird has its wings spread above a body of water.
A pelican diving towards the water with feet out .
There is an aquatic bird in flight about to land on the water .
A boy performs a skateboarding trick down a set of stairs .
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs.
A boy with a blue shirt is standing on the railing of a flight of stairs .
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet .
A teenage boy does tricks on his skateboard in an area with much graffiti .
A kayaker fights the rapids .
a man in a green kayak paddles down some rapids in front of a waterfall.
A man kayaking down rapids .
A man kayaking through rapids in a river.
A person in a green canoe paddles down rapids carrying oars and wearing an orange and black top .
A man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave .
A man in colorful trunks surfing a wave on a white surfboard .
A surfer rides a wave in a clear blue ocean .
a surfer surfs a wave .
Man in multicolor trunks riding a surfboard on a wave .
A blonde girl is wearing a silver helmet , elbow and knee pads , and Rollerblades .
A child sits on a curb with inline skates and protective gear .
A child wearing Rollerblades and sitting on a curb .
The blonde girl is wearing a silver helmet , knee pads , and Rollerblades .
The girl takes a break from rollerblading .
The people in the red parasail are gliding over the water .
Two people are hang gliding .
Two people are seated and are flying with a big red parachute .
Two people float through the air on a red and white glider .
Two people hang gliding from a red , white and black glider with blue , cloudy skies behind them .
A man in a wetsuit is leaving the water while waterskiing .
A man is riding a board in the ocean and is being pulled from above .
A man is waterskiing on one ski .
A man riding the water on a single board , holding on to a support with one hand .
A water glider .
A brown and white dog stands in the deep snow .
A dog in the snow .
A dog stands in deep snow surrounded by trees .
A dog stands up to his elbows in snow .
Dog sits in snow .
