A little boy presses his face a window .
A little boy puts his face up to the uniquely-shaped window .
A little boy stands up next to a window and cries .
A young boy in a blue shirt presses against the glass for a better look at desserts .
Little boy peering into a glass display case .
A black dog is swimming in green water with something in its mouth .
A black dog playing in a river .
a black dog wearing a red collar is dragging a rope though a river .
A black dog with a red collar retrieving a stick from deep water .
The black dog emerges from the water having collected an object in his teeth .
A kayaker goes through the waves holding his paddle .
A man paddles down the rapids in a kayak .
A man with a red helmet kayaking .
A person maneuvers rapids while riding a watercraft .
Man kayaking through rough waters .
A kayaker is battling waves in a purple boat while wearing rain gear .
A man is paddling in whitewater rapids .
A man kayaks in rough water .
Man in a kayak swimming in rough waters .
Person kayaking in white water .
A group of people pull a jeep stuck on a rock .
A man in an orange vest leans over a pickup truck .
A man in an orange vest trying to pull a vehicle which is attached to another vehicle out of a rocky area .
A person in a safety vest pushing a truck .
The white truck is stuck on the large rocks .
Men in helmets and orange vests pulling a jeep out of a ditch.
Men in orange safety vests pulling vehicle out of a ditch .
Men in orange vests try to free a vehicle stuck beside a road .
Three man in hi viz jackets are pulling attempting to pull a trapped four wheel drive car from a ditch .
Three men in orange vests are pulling a jeep out of a ravine while another man sits inside .
A brown dog runs through the grass holding something in its mouth .
A brown dog runs with a toy in its mouth .
A small dog runs in a field , with a toy in its mouth .
Chocolate brown dog running on grass with something in its mouth .
The dog is running with food in his mouth .
The two girls are playing on a yellow and red jungle gym .
Two girls play at a park .
Two little girls , both dressed in pink , play on the jungle gym .
Two little girls in pink are in a playground .
two young girls wearing pink playing on a playground.
A Baseball batter raising his arm .
A baseball player from New York waiting to bat during a game .
A baseball player in a Yankees uniform is holding a bat in one hand.
A New York Yankee holds up a bat .
New York Yankee warming up .
Two girls in pink are playing on yellow playground bars .
Two girls on a jungle gym .
Two little girls in pink outfits play on a yellow and red playground .
Two young girls on a playground .
two young girls wearing pink outfits playing on yellow monkey bars .
A black dog is jumping up , biting a man 's padded arm .
A dog leaps on a man .
A man training a dog to attack his padded left arm .
A man walks while a black dog is trying to bite something on the man 's arm .
The man is wearing safety gear while he is training the black dog .
A boy in a pool squirts a bright green water gun .
A child plays with a water gun in a pool .
A child wearing yellow goggles uses a squirt gun .
a little boy is squirting a yellow water pistol in the swimming pool .
a young boy in a pool playing with a green water gun.
A big tan dog lays on the ground looking to the side .
A large dog sits in the grass .
A large tan dog sits on the edge of the woods .
Brown dog laying on gravel with grass and trees in background .
The large brown dog is sitting on the path next to a tree .
A man and his dog in the mountains .
A man and his dog on the top of a mountain .
a man holding a camera is sitting on a mountain with a black dog .
A man poses with his black dog at the top of a mountain .
A man with a dog .
Two brownish dogs are fighting .
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement .
two dogs playing with each other.
Two light golden colored dogs playfully wrestle together on the brick area .
Two pale brown dogs tussling on paved ground .
A black dog is running in the water .
A black dog running into the water .
A black dog running through water .
A black dog runs through the water .
A black dog splashes through water .
A little black dog is running beside a large brown and white dog with a large rope in its mouth .
A small black dog is running alongside a bigger tri-colored dog that is carrying a rope toy in its mouth .
A small dog and a large dog with a rope in its mouth .
Two dogs running down a dirt road .
The large dog is holding a rope in its mouth and the little dog is walking beside it .
A downhill skier with a backpack , on a background of mountains and wispy clouds .
A man in orange is skiing down a snow-covered hill .
A skier in a red jacket and yellow backpack skis down a snow slope .
A skier going down the snowy hill .
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill .
A group of people in a boat , white water rafting .
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat .
Rafting boat on river .
seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river .
Seven rafters are paddling and riding the rapids in a green raft .
A girl squats on a rock while another stands by her .
A woman in an orange coat and jeans is squatting on a rock wall while a blonde woman in a red jacket stands next to her on the wall checking her electronic device.
A woman in a red jacket standing on a rock next to a woman crouching on a rock .
Many people are walking through a park with a lot of trees .
Two women are on a rock wall while others walk along a path .
A man cutting up some food on a yellow board .
A man is cutting up food to put in bowls of food at a food court .
Asian man is preparing breaded shimp with diners visible at a counter behind him , at a food court in a shopping mall .
A young man in a black and red t-shirt preparing food on a yellow cutting board .
A young man preparing food with diners in the background.
a group of skiers going up a mountain.
Four cross-country skiers climb uphill .
Four people climbing a hill in the snow .
Four skiers walking up a snow covered hill .
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain .
A kayaker wearing a blue wetsuit and black helmet paddles his yellow kayak in murky rolling rapids .
A man kayaking through rapids .
A man wearing a life jacket and helmet is water rafting down a river .
A person in a blue shirt , helmet and life jacket paddles a yellow kayak .
A person white-water rafting in turbulent water .
A boy stands on a rock in a creek , holding a stick .
A man is standing by rocks and water and is holding a stick .
A man who is wearing only shorts and shoes is standing on rocks with the water below him .
A young man in shorts is looking into a stream next to a rock wall .
The man is standing by a creek in blue flannel shorts .
A boy on a green plastic swing .
A little boy sitting on a green swing .
A smiling boy plays on a green plastic swing-toy .
Boy swinging on a swing set .
Little boy riding on green swing in a playground .
A child smiling in a park.
A little boy wearing a blue shirt is playing around large tires .
A small child in a blue shirt is standing in front of a group of tires .
A young boy wearing Mickey Mouse clothes in a jungle gym .
The little boy is playing by tires .
A blonde woman in blue shorts walks on the beach carrying her shoes .
A woman in blue shorts is carrying her shoes whilst walking on the beach next to the ocean .
Blond woman with blue shorts walks along beach carrying shoes in one hand .
Woman carrying her shoes on a beach .
Woman in blue shorts walking barefoot on the beach.
a lone person wearing a quilt walking along the sidewalk of a street.
A person in a kilt walks along an overpass .
a person walks near a fence .
A woman wearing a backpack walks on the sidewalk while a car drives by .
A woman wearing a brown skirt is walking over a bridge .
A boy and a toddler boy stand by a water fountain .
The two boys in bright blue jeans stand at the water fountain .
Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park .
Two children stand near a water fountain .
Two little boys at a water fountain .
A bare backed climber is attached to the rock face on a pink safety rope .
a lone rock climber in a harness climbing a huge rock wall .
A man is rock crawling up a rock wall.
A man wearing no shirt climbs a steep cliff .
man with no shirt on climbing rocks.
A closeup of a bicycle rider 's leg .
A man in shorts on a black bicycle .
A man wearing white socks is pedaling a bicycle .
A man wears white socks with beat up brown shoes on a black bicycle .
Closeup of man 's legs on a bicycle peddal .
A brown and white dog is running through woodland .
A large brown , white , and grey dog is running through a forest covered in leaves .
A tan long-haired dog is running in the forest.
Brown and white dog running through fall leaves on the ground .
The brown dog bounds through the leaves and the underbrush .
A boy skateboards and does a jump over another skateboard .
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp .
A skateboarder in gray clothes jumps over a boot in front of an apartment .
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house .
A skateboarder jumps another skateboard .
A barefoot boy in shorts and a t-shirt jumps in muddy grass .
A child plays in the mud .
A muddy child jumps into more mud on the ground .
a wet boy jumping around on dirty wet grass.
Young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence .
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light .
A longhaired woman in a green coat is standing and pushing a cross-walk signal button .
A woman in a green jacket is pushing the button to cross the street .
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light .
A woman in a green jacket presses the Do Not Walk button so she can cross the road .
A creek winds through the woods .
A narrow stream runs between leaf-covered hills .
A river is winding through a wooded area that is heavily leaf covered .
A small brook meanders through the autumn woods .
This is a small creek surrounded by autumn leaves that have fallen and bare trees .
A man in a scuba suit holds a box .
A man scuba diving underwater .
A yellow gloved diver with a snorkel and mask swims underwater carrying a box with a handle .
Scuba diver submerged in water .
The scuba diver is underwater .
A person in a scuba suit holds a very small lobster .
A scuba diver holds up a small lobster underwater .
A scuba diver underwater holding a small lobster.
Scuba diver under the water holding small crustacean in his hands .
The scuba diver shows off something he found underwater .
A little girl in pajamas runs down a hall with hardwood floors .
A little girl is running down a hardwood floored hallway .
A little girl running down a brighly lit hallway .
A toddler is running down a hallway .
A young girl runs down a hallway with wooden floors .
Three elderly women , two with canes , walk through a parking lot .
Three elderly women walking from behind .
Three elderly women walking together .
Three elderly women wearing coats and carrying purses are walking with their back to the camera .
three old ladies walking and carrying purses.
A couple enjoys a quiet moment near the river .
A few people sit out on rocks overlooking the water below .
Two people are sitting on a rock overlooking the river .
Two people sit on top of a cliff overlooking a river .
Two people sit upon large rocks next to a river .
a few different colored dogs jumping around in the grass behind a house.
The Irish setter with the safety vest is running ahead of the Rottwieler and the Dalmation .
Three dogs are running and playing together by the side of a house .
Three dogs running on a lawn .
Three large dogs running quickly next to a house .
A man and a dog sit on a bench near a body of water .
A man and his dog watch the sunset from a bench .
A man holding a dog sitting on a bench overlooking a lake .
a man holds his dog near a pond .
A man sits on a bench holding his dog and looking at the water .
A dog is trotting through a shallow stream.
A light colored dog is walking through a stream .
A male weimaraner with a clipped tail is walking through a river .
a tan dog walking along in a stream.
The brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes .
A child on a red slide .
A little boy sits on a slide on the playground .
A little boy slides down a bright red corkscrew slide .
A little boy slides down a red slide .
a young boy wearing a blue outfit sliding down a red slide .
A man putting a little boy wearing orange into a child swing .
a young child being placed into a child swing by another adult.
Heavyset man taking child out of swing set .
parent holding up a child over a swing.
The adult is helping the child into the swing .
A dark haired woman wearing a brown jacket and fatigue bottoms and a balding man wearing a green sweater and blue jeans with a fishing pole , stand at the foot of the surf .
A man and woman fishing at the beach .
A man and a woman are standing on a shore while the man fishes in the choppy water .
A man is fishing in the ocean with a large woman walking to the left .
Man and woman fishing in the ocean .
A group of females in white suits are in a petting zoo with two goats .
A group of people in white stand with white goats .
People dressed in all white are looking at some shaved lambs .
The people have some animals with them .
Two light-colored female goats in an indoor arena with handlers dressed in white .
A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach .
A man and a woman share a kiss on the beach .
A man with a brown hooded jacket is kissing a girl with sunglasses .
There is a couple kissing on the beach .
Two people kiss on the beach .
A girl and a boy hugging on a bridge.
A little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods .
A little girl hugs her brother on a footbridge in a forest .
Two children hugging on a bridge .
Two little children are on a wooden bridge in the woods .
A boy tries to put a screen on a window .
A child wearing shorts is moving a window screen .
A shirtless child in blue shorts holding up a window screen that has fallen out .
little boy in blue shorts holding a window screen.
Young boy wearing denim shorts holding a window screen .
A black and white dog runs around a farm animal inside a fenced yard .
a black sheep dog is chasing a grey sheep around a pen .
A border collie rallies a lamb in a fenced in area .
A dog chases a sheep in an enclosure .
The dog is chasing the goat around the yard .
A child swims with a woman .
A small child gets into a pool with help from a woman .
A young boy jumps into the water as a woman holds his arms .
A young curly brown headed boy is jumping into the arms of a woman in a pool .
The little boy is in the swimming pool with an adult woman .
A man dressed in camouflage riding a motorbike.
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike .
A man is riding a dirt bike over some rocks .
A man wearing camouflage steers a motorcycle across some stones .
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks .
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick .
A man in red shorts standing on rocks by a stream.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them .
A shirtless man standing on the edge of a stream .
The hiker nears a creek .
A girl wearing a pink hoodie looks through her camera .
A woman in pink taking a picture .
A woman takes a picture during the day .
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture .
Woman with red curly hair taking pictures outside .
a child is doing a back flip whilst jumping on a trampoline .
A girl is doing a trick on a blue trampoline and is in the air .
An upside-down child above a trampoline .
A person is upside down in the air above a trampoline outside .
Someone is flipping on a blue trampoline .
A brown and white dog is standing in the river by the bank .
A brown and white spotted dog in a green collar is in the water and looking at something .
A dog with brown spots , standing at the shore of a lake .
Black and white dog wades in water .
The dog stands in the water next to the grass .
A boy points .
A boy points at something while a man looks .
A boy smiles at points at something ; a man looks to the side .
A little boy smiles and points while a man looks in the direction of the child 's gaze .
The man in the blue shirt is looking in the direction to which the little boy is pointing .
A dog trying to catch a ball .
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it .
A intense looking dog is about to grab a ball in mid bounce .
Brown dog trying to bite a white ball with yellow , green and blue puppy toes.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball .
A group of girls are posing together with males nearby .
A group of partying girls gather for a picture .
A group of smiling young women posing together .
Five smiling young ladies at a party .
Five women holding drinks are smiling into the camera .
A black dog plays with another animal .
Two dogs wrestle in the grass .
Two dogs wrestle in the ground .
Two puppies are wrestling on green grass .
Two puppies wrestle with each other.
A black dog runs on green grass with its mouth open .
a dog runs across the grass .
A gray dog runs along the green grass .
A lean dog runs through green grass .
The dog runs across the green lush grass .
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses gazes into the horizon .
An older man wearing sunglasses and a white t-shirt.
An old man with sunglasses and a watch around kids.
Bald man in sunglasses.
Bald , older man with sunglasses and white shirt , blurry crowd around him .
A brunette woman in a blue shirt too small for her standing behind casually-dressed people .
A woman in a blue shirt in a crowd .
A woman in a blue shirt standing in a crowd of people .
A woman in a blue striped shirt with her hands on her hips in a crowd of people .
A woman wearing a shirt that has risen up from the waist of her jeans .
A girl in pink twirls a ribbon .
A little girl plays with a ribbon .
Little girl stands in front of brick wall on cement block .
The girl is wearing a white shirt with pink skirt , and she is standing in front of a house .
The small girl in pigtails is wearing red socks , a red skirt and a white top .
A girl jumping in the grass .
A girl jumps in the grass .
A young blonde girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out .
The blond girl is jumping up in the air .
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass .
A brown , black , and tan dog run in the ocean .
Three dogs run into the water .
Three dogs running through water .
Three dogs run through surf , near rocky outcrop .
Three dogs run through the water near the rocks and make splashes .
Two children are playing with a kite out in wide open countryside .
Two children running in a field .
Two children running in a field with a kite there is a fence in the background and mountains.
two young girls fly a kite .
Two young girls run across a field as they fly a kite in the cloud-covered sky .
A man maneuvers a motorcycle through a rocky stream .
A motorcycle rider navigating his bike over a stone obstacle .
A young man is in a stream with his dirt bike .
BMX biker in shallow stream with current performing a wheelie.
The man is dirt bike riding is the stream and climbing the rocks on the bank of the water .
A homeless man sitting on a sofa under an overpass .
A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge .
A man sits on a couch outside under an overpass .
Bum sitting on a couch next to a bridge .
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him .
A dog with mud stuck on his underside is running on grass .
A golden retriever has on a collar and a harness and has a muddy lower body .
A muddy dog prances through the grass .
A muddy golden dog running in grass.
A white dog that is muddy walks across the green grass .
Boy and girl running along the beach .
Two children run in the sand , along the shore .
Two children run towards the lagoon .
Two little kids are running through the sand to get to the ocean .
Two young children running along a sandy beach .
A dog is running with a yellow tennis ball and wearing a red harness .
a small black and white dog running through the grass with a tennis ball in his mouth.
Small black and white dog wearing a red harness is running around with a ball in its mouth .
Small dog with red harness fetching a ball .
The dog wearing the red collar is running across the grass with a ball in its mouth .
A black dog is running through the shallow edge of a large body of water .
A black dog is running through the water .
A black dog jumps high out of the water .
a black and tan dobbermen running through the ocean .
The dog runs through the water .
A dog is jumping into the water .
a dog jumps into the water .
A little dog with a red head is jumping into the water .
A small dog leaps in the water .
Small dog jumping into water .
A grey colored dog walks in wet sand at a beach .
A grey dog plays in the sand at the ocean .
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach .
The brown dog is standing on the sandy beach .
The large grey colored dog is jumping on the beach .
a man dressed as Jack Sparrow from Pirates of the Caribbean.
A man wearing a doo-rag with long hair stares right in the camera .
A person with drawn moustache and beard wearing a scarf and beads in his hair .
A young man with brown eyes is dressed up like Jack Sparrow .
The long haired man is dressed up as a pirate with a red bandanna .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans stands behind a sign that says " Mark ' Mom ' Finley " .
A man wearing a tank top holding up a sign that introduces Mark Finley .
A person wearing blue jeans and a blue tank top stands and waits .
A young man stands at the foot of a two-wheeled cart .
Man in a blue tank top showing his invention .
A little boy plays with a water toy while others watch .
A little boy splashes into the small pool at the end of a yellow slip n 'slide .
A young boy slides down a yellow water slide .
a young boy sliding on the grass in an innertube.
A young boy splashes in a yellow wading poll while mom watches.
A man in a yellow jacket with many colorful wristbands is smiling .
A man in a yellow shirt wearing multi-colored plastic jewelry .
A man is wearing a rainbow colored necklace and smiling .
Black man poses for photo .
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera .
A crowded street in Europe .
A group of adults and children , with one man pointing at something off-camera .
A man holding a little girl hand bends over and points something to her .
A young girl and an older gentleman hold hands as he points to something off frame .
People with small children on a brick ground , one man points to something for a child to see .
Two hikers rest on a snow-covered mountain .
Two men and a backpack .
Two men pause on a rock while hiking in barren terrain .
Two men resting uptop a snowy mountain .
Two people sitting on rocks and a pack at their feet .
A boxy building , A group of trees , a church at sunset .
A crowd of people are gathered with a sky scene in the background .
A crowd of people at an outdoor event.
A very large group of people stand outdoors under the beautiful clouds .
Large crowd of people gathered together .
A child with a skull on his shirt is sitting in front of some plants and a building and is holding onto handlebars .
A curly-haired child in a white t-shirt grasps the handlebars of a riding toy .
A little girl with curly hair sitting on a teeter totter .
A small child with curly hair is on a riding toy .
A young girl with curly hair with a white shirt with a skull and bones picture on it .
A boy in a red jacket does a gymnastic maneuver on a grassy athletic field .
A child in a red jacket doing a handstand on green grass .
A little boy in red doing a handstand .
Boy wearing a red jacket performs a handstand on the grass .
Young boy in red jacket doing a handstand on a sports field .
A brown dog brings up some dust as he runs around a field .
A dog and a dust storm .
A dog and sand blowing in the wind.
A dog in a sandy area with the sand stirred up into the air and several plants in the background .
Dog kicking up dirt.
A female in a green shirt standing while traffic passes .
A woman is standing next to a road where the cars on the road are blurry .
A woman stands in front of a pizzeria while traffic buzzes by her .
A woman stands on an urban sidewalk holding a beige handbag .
traffic is zooming past the woman wearing a yellow jersey .
A girl is reading while drinking Starbuck 's coffee .
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop .
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop.
A woman in a hat sits reading and drinking a coffee .
A young woman sips a coffee and reads a book .
Boys kicking soccer ball in the grass under a tree.
Two boys are kicking a ball to each other in the park .
Two boys have made a goal out of two jackets in order to play soccer .
Two boys kick around a ball in a meadow .
Two kids play soccer in a field .
A girl sits with excavating tools examining a rock .
a lone scientist digging in the rock for artifacts .
A person with a brush looking at a large rock .
A woman brushes dust and dirt off a possible find .
A woman kneels in the dirt with paleontologist archeologist tools .
A dog is running in a field .
a multicolored dog running through a flowery field.
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass.
Dog with big collar running .
The brown and white dog is running through a field of grass and pink flowers .
A skydiver safely lands while another watches from the ground .
Two men with colorful parachutes have just landed in a field .
Two para gliders are practicing their craft in an open field .
Two people are landing from their sky diving exercises .
Two people parachutes into a field .
A big hound dog walking on a log in the woods .
A brown dog walks on top of a felled tree trunk .
A grey dog walks on top of a fallen tree in the woods .
A skinny brown dog walks across a large piece of fallen tree .
The skinny brown dog is walking on a fallen tree .
A girl is sitting on the beach and staring at the ocean .
A woman in a dress and baseball cap sits next to the water .
A woman sits on a rocky beach looking a yellow object in the water .
The girl in the blue dress and the baseball cap is sitting near the ocean .
The woman is looking out on the beach .
A grey and white dog is biting the ear of a white and brown dog .
The brown and white dog nips at the yellow dog .
There are two dogs playing with each other .
Two dogs wrestle with each other with their teeth bared .
Two large dogs attempt to bite each other playfully .
A little girl in a swing laughs .
A little girl is swinging in her brightly colored swing outside .
A little girl sits in a plastic swing set .
A young girl on a swing .
Girl wearing pink pants smiles in baby swing.
A dog chewing a blue rope while two men watch from behind .
Black dog with blue string in its mouth .
Two men handle a grey dog with a blue knotted rope in its mouth .
Two men lift a brown dog up so it can grab a large blue rope hanging down a black wall .
Two men under a dog hanging by its mouth from a rope .
A man is camping on a beach shore .
A man with a canoe is on the beach with a tent set up .
A tent rests on the shore and a man and canoe are in the background .
Man setting up camp after canoeing .
The man is setting up a tent on the shore near the ocean .
A man cooking food at his campsite .
A man cooks his dinner outdoors in front of his orange tent.
A man not wearing a shirt is pouring something out a can while sitting on sand in front of a orange and red tent .
A man sits on the beach outside his tent and makes something to eat .
A shirtless man making a meal while camping on the beach .
A child plays on the ground in a pile of leaves .
a little girl is playing in the hay .
Little girl buried in hay throwing hay around at a lady .
The girls play in the pumpkin patch .
Two children are playing in a pile of hay with the sun shining overhead .
A closeup of a girl holding a heart necklace and looking at it .
A girl playing with a stretchy charm bracelet .
A girl plays with a necklace as the sun shines behind her .
A girl with the sun behind her plays with some jewelry .
A little girl examines a piece of jewelry .
A little white dog begs .
A little white dog with long fur stands on his hind legs .
A small white dog stands on its hind legs .
A white , fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs .
The white dog is begging .
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear .
A man in a black jacket is in front of a map .
a man listening to his iPod , looks at the subway maps .
A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory .
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears .
a couple dogs in and around a small lake of water near a highway.
A couple of dogs are playing in the water .
Two dogs play in the water under a bridge .
Two dogs running near a river while one dogs in swimming in it .
Two grey dogs and a black dog playing in a pond under an overpass .
Two girls are wearing life vests and hugging each other .
Two little girls are posing for a picture on a boat .
Two little girls on a boat pose for a picture together .
Two smiling little girls in a boat on a lake are hugging .
Two young fair girls are smiling a posing together while they ride in a boat wearing floatation vests .
A large orange dog and a little orange dog with another third dog in the grass .
Three dogs greeting each other in a field of green grass .
Three dogs sniffing each other .
Two dogs and a puppy .
Two little dogs are lying on the green grass and a larger dog looks down on them .
A man in a blue shirt is spraying a sand sculpture .
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach .
Man brushes image in the sand .
man sprays sand image of a man .
Man with white covering on is face spraying water on a mound of sand with a heart drawn that says open up .
A blonde child climbing across a net .
A child is playing at a park .
A girls climbs on a jungle gym .
A small child climbing on an elevated net.
A young child climbs on a rope net .
children playing at the beach.
A little boy in red shorts , a boy in a black Speedo , and a boy in grey shorts are all running on the beach .
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game .
Three boys play tag on the beach .
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them .
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide .
A girl with extended arms goes down a slide .
A girl with her arms raised riding down an inflatable slide .
A young girl with a heart tank top raises her hands as she slides .
Blond child throws up her arms as she travels down slide .
A boy jumps from the top of a blue plastic slide .
A child jumps over the slide portion of playground equipment shaded by trees .
A little boy in a striped shirt jumps from a blue slide .
A little boy is jumping off the top of a slide .
A young boy jumps on a slide in a backyard .
A boy and girl playing cricket.
A boy and yellow and girl in red playing cricket .
a girl in a red top bowls a cricket ball at a boy in a yellow shirt who is in front of the wicket holding a bat .
A young boy and girl playing baseball in a grassy field .
Two young children playing cricket in a field .
A band performs in a dimly lit setting .
A female performer singing with her band .
A woman sings in a club with a guitarist behind her .
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar .
Woman singing with a microphone next to a person playing guitar .
A girl is playing an electric guitar in front of an amplifier .
A girl plays her guitar on a dark stage .
A woman is playing guitar onstage.
A woman playing guitar in red and blue light.
Guitar player performs at a nightclub red guitar .
A lone man stands on a rocky outcropping and looks out over the wilderness .
A man in shorts and a black jacket stands on top of a big rock looking down on hills and valleys .
A man is standing on a big rock overlooking a valley .
A man stands atop a large mountain of rocks .
Man standing on edge of large rock overlooking scenic view .
a child is laying in a bubble bath holding a yellow scrubbing brush up to his mouth as if singing into a microphone .
A child sings into a loofa in the bathtub.
A little boy is laying down in a bubble bath .
Boy in bubble bath , yelling or singing into scrubbing brush .
The child is surrounded by bubbles while in the bathtub .
A baby and a young boy playing .
A young boy crawls with a toddler .
Two children on hands and knees on a wood floor .
Two kids play on the floor .
two young babies crawling on a wood floor.
A boy holds a red bucket up to a pony .
A man feeding a horse wearing a blue strapped blanket .
A man holds feed for a horse in a blue blanket .
A young boy is feeding a horse some hay from an orange bucket .
Grey horse wearing blue cover eating from a orange bucket held by a person in a green shirt .
A brown and black dog playing in the snow .
A dog jumps in the snow trying to catch a snowball .
A dog tries to catch a snowball in its mouth .
A dog trying to catch a snowball in the snow .
Dog jumps to catch a snowball .
A man holds a flag next to a snowbound campsite .
A man with a Texas flag stands in the snow by tents .
A person setting up a tent beside a few other tents on the snowy ground .
Mountain climbers are setting up their tents .
With a pack and ski pole on the ground , a man wearing a winter coat is holding a tent while other tents are already set up .
A man in a pink shirt is showing a magic trick to a boy in a blue shirt .
a small boy wearing a blue shirt pulling an item from a magicians hat .
A smiling boy pulling something from a magician 's bag .
A smiling boy pulls an orange object from a hat .
A young boy in a blue jacket pulls something black out of a fabric bag .
A woman is walking past an artificial waterfall .
A woman is walking with someone else beside a pond in the city .
A woman talking on a cellphone walking in front of water .
A woman walks by a river across city buildings .
Young woman in a city park near a water feature .
A group of kids in red and white playing soccer .
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch .
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch .
Boys soccer teams playing a game .
There is a soccer game in progress .
a brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt .
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera .
A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away .
A yellow dog jumps to greet a woman .
One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away .
A dog in a field .
A dog is resting in a grassy field.
A dog runs through tall grass .
Dog running after another dog in a grassy field .
The Doberman is running through the tall grass .
A brown dog playing in mud .
A dog enjoys playing in the water at the edge of a field .
A dog is playing in water .
A dog runs through muddy water .
A dog splashing though a large puddle in a field .
A girl is all decked out with razzling jewelry .
A girl is dressed up and wearing a large broach with pearls .
A woman wearing antiquated clothing including many pearls .
A woman wearing a pearl necklace .
A woman with a black sweater and white necklace poses for the camera .
A couple sit on the hood of a car with their backs to the camera .
A couple sits on a car .
A man and a woman sit on a car and face the opposite way of the camera .
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road .
A man and woman sitting on a parked car .
A black station wagon with its lights on , partially submerged in water with a wooded area behind it .
A car is partially submerged in a lake .
A car is sinking underwater in a lake or river .
A Toyota car drives into water.
The four wheel drive car is driving through a river .
Three children playing in hay.
Three children playing with hay outdoors , throwing some at camera lens .
Three children play on corn stacks .
Three young children play in the hay , throwing some at the camera .
Two young children are throwing hay .
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water .
Five people look out toward the ocean .
Five people standing in front of a body of water .
Three men and two women stand facing the ocean from the shore on a sunny day .
Two ladies and three men looking at the ocean .
A man in a boat in front of a sunset .
A man in a grey shirt is on a boat with a flag .
A man sits on a boat in the sunset near a flag .
A man sits on a sailboat with the sun setting behind him .
A man sitting on a boat with a flag and the sunset in the background .
a couple sitting together smiling at the photographer.
A man and a woman smiling for the camera .
A man and his female partner smile for a picture .
Smiling , brown-eyed couple in a crowd .
Two people pose for the camera .
A competitive motorcycle racer prepares to make a left turn along a paved road .
A man rides a motorcycle with the number 5 on it .
A motorcycle driver swerves to the left .
A motorcycle with number five on front is being ridden by a rider wearing a red helmet .
professional motorcycle racer turning a corner.
a girl in a light blue windbreaker walks down a cement road .
A girl in an aqua jacket walks down a long road surrounded by shrubs .
A woman in a blue shirt and black pants walks down a road .
A woman walks down a country road .
Woman walking down paved road .
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water .
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream .
A dog jumps over a creek .
A spotted dog jumps over a muddy creek .
A white dog with black spots jumps over a stream .
A girl on a beach with rainbow flags .
A girl sits on a ledge by the beach , rainbow flags on poles fly in the background .
A person is sitting on a wall beside the beach .
a woman sitting on a wall with several multicolored flags behind her.
Woman at kite festival on boardwalk.
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence .
A brown dog trotting across a grassy , fenced-in yard .
A large brown dog in a fenced yard.
Large dog is playing outdoors inside of a fence .
Lean dog trots through a sunny park in front of a chain link fence .
A man in a yellow shirt and a man in an orange shirt jump in the air .
A man jumps off a hill .
Two men in hiking boots strike martial arts poses .
Two men jumping on a rock wall.
Two men leap into the air .
A black and white dog is going after an orange Frisbee .
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee .
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee .
a dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee.
dog jumping for Frisbee.
A brown dog catching a ball in silhouette .
a brown dog is leaping into the air to catch a ball .
A dog catching a tennis ball at sunset in a yard .
A dog is backlit buy the sun as he jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
A dog jumps in the air to catch a tennis ball .
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city .
Pedestrians and cars make their way through Times Square in New York .
Some people and vehicles on a crowded street .
The streets of a big city ,.
Times Square in New York .
A group of people are sitting in some rows of wooden seats .
A group of people seated in a line of seats at an event .
People sit in an auditorium with programs .
People sitting in rows of seats .
Students are sitting in an auditorium with notes out in front of them .
A group of mountain climbers.
A group of people walking in a line through the snow toward a mountain .
A line of people are making their way through snow covered mountains .
People are walking through a snow covered field with a mountain the background .
People facing mountains in the snow .
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump .
A dog sniffs a newly cut tree trunk .
A dog sniffs a tree stump .
Dog sniffing recently cut tree stump .
The dog is standing outside on a tree stump .
A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day .
A brown dog walks in the grass with its tongue hanging out .
A dog running with tongue hanging out .
A grey dog walks in the green grass , tongue hanging out .
a tan dog jogging with his tongue hanging out.
A white and brown dog with his mouth open and tongue out facing a second , almost off-camera dog .
two dogs , one with long brown fur , both dogs have their mouths open and teeth showing , one dogs tongue is hanging out .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two furry dogs make snarly faces as they play together .
Two multicoloured dogs fighting .
A black and white dog is jumping through a black and white hoop .
A black and white dog jumps through a black and white hoop .
A brown and white dog jumping through a black and white hoop .
A dog jumping through a black and white hoop .
A dog jumping through a ring .
A man is riding on a red motorcycle .
A motorcycle driver dressed in orange gear swerves to the right .
A motorcyclist on a red speed bike leans into a sharp turn .
Motorcyclist crouches low as he rounds a turn .
This person is on a red motorcycle .
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain .
A man holds a sign in front of a group of people on a cloudy day .
A man in sunglasses is holding a sign while four other people look into the distance .
A man wearing sunglasses holds a sign at a demonstration .
A young man holds up a hand written sign next to a woman with a multicolored umbrella .
A climber is attached by ropes to a brown colored rock face .
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support .
A mountain climber scales a steep rock face .
A person is climbing up a rock .
A person wearing khaki pants climbing up the side of a rocky cliff .
A motorcycle racer leans his bike .
A motorcyclist is driving down a road on their motorbike .
A motorcyclist is riding their sponsored car along a roadway that has recently turned .
A motorcyclist on the street .
A motorcyclist with a red helmet rides his blue motorcycle down the road .
The iguanas wrestled along the rocky water bank .
The two reptiles are standing on their back legs near deep water .
Two lizards fighting .
Two lizards fight in the water .
Two oriental lizards are fighting for dominance in a small pond.
A group of race buggies travel down a racetrack .
Cars racing on a dirt track.
Race cars are racing each other on a dirt racetrack and the green one is in the lead .
Ralley cars muscle for position on a dirt track .
Two lines of colorful cars racing on a racetrack .
A collie runs down a slide .
A dog is running down a ramp .
Dog is jumping down a ramp .
The collie is running down a blue and yellow board .
There is a brown and white dog jumping off of a see-saw .
A climber wearing a white helmet is perched on the side of a rock face .
a lone climber wearing a white helmet climbing a wall .
A man wearing blue climbs a steep cliff .
The man in a blue shirt , wearing a helmet , is readying to climb .
The rock climber looks down from above .
A dog is jumping to catch a Frisbee and casts a perfect shadow .
A dog jumps and catches a Frisbee in the grass .
A dog jumps and catches a toy .
A white dog leaps to catch an object .
A yellow lab jumping up to catch a toy .
A jacketed man with his back to the camera is overlooking the water .
A man fishing from the shore in the wintertime .
A man in a heavy coat fishes from a concrete platform .
A man stands on a concrete ledge and casts his fishing pole into the water below .
A person in warm clothing fishes off a wall .
A male and a female are leaning against railing looking off with the ocean in the background.
A man and a woman are looking at the view on a stairway by the sea .
Man and woman watching something near rocky ocean surf .
two people leaning over a green railing with the ocean in the background.
Two people on a walkway over rushing water .
a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth .
A dog looks at another dog catching a ball in the air.
A white dog is watching a black dog jump on a lawn next to a pile of large rocks .
A white dog watching a black dog in the air .
Two dogs playing with a tennis ball in the yard .
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches .
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall .
Black dog jumping in the air with white dog standing on grass behind near pile of rocks .
Black dog jumping to catch tennis ball.
The black dog is catching a ball , while the white one watches .
A basset hound is leashed to the rearview mirror of a yellow and white vehicle.
a black and white dog tied to a yellow and white van.
A dog , lying down , tethered to the side mirror of a yellow VW bus .
a dog with black , white , and brown coloring is leashed up to a mirror.
The black and white dog is tethered next to a yellow car .
A boy hitting a soccer ball with his chest .
A child is hitting a soccer ball with their chest .
A child is playing soccer with a blue and white soccer ball nearby onlookers .
The boy hits the blue and white soccer ball with his knee .
The boy is kicking a soccer ball .
A little girl on a kid swing .
A little girl shouts for joy as she swings on the swing .
A toddler girl in a swing is laughing .
A toddler in a pink shirt in a bucket swing .
A young girl making a wide mouthed expression while swinging .
A man in a camouflage tank top standing next to a man in a grey t-shirt with a fountain in the background .
Two man standing in front of a huge fountain with several background people .
Two men are posing for a photograph in front of a fountain in a city .
Two men are standing in front of a fountain smiling .
Two men standing in front of fountain while other people sit on the grass.
A woman and her two dogs are walking down the street .
A woman wearing cut off shorts walks down the street with a dog .
The woman in blue shorts and a brown vest has a black dog to the right of her and a dog behind her .
The woman is walking her dogs .
Woman and small black dog walking across pavement.
A bunch of kids run on a school play field .
A group of children in a field .
A group of children running in the grass .
Kids play soccer on a field .
Kids running in the field .
A small dog and a large dog carrying a stick in its mouth run outside .
A smaller white dog is trying to get a hold of a stick that a bigger tri-colored dog has in its mouth .
The little white dog is trying to bite onto the stick that the black dog is carrying .
Two dogs run and play with a brown stick .
two dogs run for a stick .
The two dogs are enjoying a run through the surf .
Two dogs are running through the surf .
Two dogs play in the surf .
Two dogs running through the water on a beach .
Two dogs run out of the ocean lake .
A girl in a pink shirt is riding a bicycle in traffic .
An Asian woman rides a bicycle in front of two cars .
A woman in a pink sweater rides her bike alongside cars .
A woman is riding her bicycle down the street .
A woman wearing a pink sweater rides a bike with a car behind her .
A boy in a blue , yellow , and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides .
A boy in a blue , yellow , and orange shirt plays outside .
A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide.
A child with a brightly colored shirt plays outside .
The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched .
A child is on a slide .
A child is sliding down a spiral slide on a playground .
A girl goes down a blue and yellow slide at a park .
A little girl is sliding down a slide at a park .
A small girl slides down a spiral slide at the playground .
A brown dog , a black and white dog , and a black dog are all standing in a field .
a brown dog faces a black dog and a white dog in a field of long grass .
The three dogs are in a field .
The three dogs are standing in tall grass .
Three dogs in a field .
A brown dog , a black dog and a black and white dog are in a grassy field.
A white and black dog , a yellow dog and a black dog in a grassy field .
Black dog , orange dog and black and white dog , on grass .
Three dogs are running through a grassy field .
three multicolored dogs standing in a grassy field.
A boy in a red jacket smacks a snow covered tree with a stick .
A child stands underneath a snow-covered tree .
A little boy shakes the snow off of a tree .
A person in a red jacket stands under a snow-covered tree .
Child standing in a snowy landscape pulling down a snow-covered tree branch .
A dog is walking along some dry cracked earth .
A dog walking along a cracked and ashen surface .
A dog walking on mud flats .
A dog walks across the rocky ground .
A dog walks through some mud .
A man picking up a big rock .
A person holds a large rock while a white car is parked .
A person in a green jacket and black pants lifts a rock .
A person picks up things in a rocky spot next to a car .
A woman picking up a large rock .
A couple of people are standing and the person in the red coat is pointing at the body of water .
The couple are looking downriver .
Two people in rafting gear standing on a dry , rocky riverbank , pointing at the river .
Two people stand by a river , one wearing a helmet points .
Two people stand on the rocks above the water and look at something .
A man wakeboards in a red vest and smiles for the camera .
A man wearing a red life vest waves as he waterskiis .
A young man rides a wakeboard .
guy wakeboarding one handed and smiling.
Man rides surfboard through water .
A guy waterskiing behind a boat .
a man wakeboards on a lake .
A young man is wakeboarding on a body of water .
Blond boy waterskiing .
The boy is wakeboarding on the lake .
A man in swim trunks and a red life vest jet skiing .
A man waterskiing with one hand .
A man wearing a red life jacked is holding a purple rope while waterskiing .
A man wearing swimming trunks is waterskiing backwards using only one hand .
Person in red ski jacket skiing backwards.
A boy is wakeboarding on a lake with one hand .
A man wearing a red life jacket is water-skiing across a bay .
A surfer in blue shorts surfs over water .
A young man dressed in blue swimming trunks and a red life jacket waterskiing in a blue lake .
Boy in red vest and blue and white trunks on wakeboard .
A boy laying on clothes .
A brown-haired boy is laughing with his eyese clothes whiel lying on a pile of clothes .
A child in a blue shirt laying on his side with his mouth open .
A child with and adult hand .
A little boy laughs as he is tickled .
A fisherman fishes at the bank of a foggy river .
A man fishes by a tree in the morning mist .
A man fishes under a large tree .
A man fishing near a large tree .
A man is fishing in a foggy lake .
A man gets ready to throw a stick for his waiting dog .
A man is holding a stick beside a jumping dog .
A man stands with his arm up in the air , holding a stick , while a dog jumps up .
Brown Dog jumps while man holds a stick up high .
In this distorted photo a man is shown on a dirt path with a jumping dog .
a black dog jumping through some water.
A black dog leaps out of the water .
a black dog runs through the water .
A black dog splashes in the water .
A large black dog is playing in the ocean .
The couple eat their meal outside .
two people sit on a bench .
Two people sitting , facing away , with dreadlocks .
Two people with dreadlocks .
Two people with dreadlocks sit on a wooden bench .
A couple on the stairs are photographing a man and woman embracing in front of a building .
A couple stands at the top of the stairs and two people stand at the bottom .
A man and woman pose outside of a building while talking to two other people .
A man and woman stand at the top of cement stairs together .
A man holds a woman as another couple walk up the steps towards them .
A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall flowers .
A girl with a pink shirt is running through flowery grass .
a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field .
A young girl is walking through a grassy pasture .
A young girl wearing a pink shirt and jeans is running through a flowered field .
A brown dog with a black collar stands next to a bush .
A caramel colored dog sits in front of trees looking forward .
A sad looking dog sitting next to shrubs .
Stretched image of a brown dog with a white patch of fur in his chest area sitting in the grass with trees in the background .
The brown dog is wearing a black collar .
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area .
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp .
A brown and white dog running off of an obstacle .
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp .
This dog is done running down the yellow board .
people sit against a wall.
A bunch of people sit in the shade of a cement awning .
A group of people are sitting below a concrete structure that overlooks a staircase .
Five adults are sitting on stone steps .
Several people are sitting under an overhang on stone steps .
A brown and white dog trotting down the road in autumn .
A brown dog is carrying a ball up the road .
A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves .
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods .
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path .
A girl with a nose ring , earring , and Mohawk .
A person with spiky hair looks to the left .
A profile of a young person with a punk hairstyle and pierced ear and nose in a cowboy shirt .
A young person with a Mohawk and a nose piercing in a plaid shirt .
The person is posing in a red flannel shirt with a Mohawk .
A man and a girl in bed .
A parent and child are in and embrace in bed .
A woman and a small child laying in bed .
The woman is laying in bed with a young girl .
Two people are in bed .
Three boys playing soccer in a field.
Three boys playing soccer .
Two boys in blue and yellow uniforms play soccer with a boy in a pink printed uniform .
Two teammates attempt to convert a soccer goal past the goalie .
Uniformed children playing soccer.
A black and white dog plays in the water .
A black and white dog walking in shallow water.
A dog splashes through the water .
A dog swims .
Black and white dog wearing a harness walking through water .
A child holding on to the bar while riding a horse on a carousel ride .
A child is riding a plastic horse at an amusement park .
A child on a fake horse ride .
A child sitting on a carousel horse .
Row of plastic horses that form a childrens ride with one child riding .
A crowd is watching a dog climb up a staircase .
A dog is running through an obstacle course in front of a group of people .
A dog performs a trick on a ladder in front of a crowd observing his talent .
Large brown dog walks up a blue staircase .
Onlookers watch a German Shephard climb steps on an obstacle course .
An animal with horns jumping in a field .
An antelope runs through tall brown grass .
A wild animal not found in America jumping through a field .
A wild animal races across an uncut field with a minimal amount of trees .
A wildebeast trips in the field .
two Asian women walking in front of a green door.
Two girls are walking along the street and talking .
Two women walk down a street .
two women walk down the street .
Two women walking down the street.
a boy prepares a jump off a rock .
A boy wearing blue walks across some rocks .
A small boy wearing blue balances as he walks on a large rock .
A toddler in blue clothes is balancing on a rock .
The little boy walks carefully down the rocks holding his arms out to balance himself .
A brown dog runs for a white and black dog on the grass .
A white dog and a brown dog play in the grass .
The dogs are in the field playing .
Two dogs playing on grass .
two dogs play together .
A man in yellow stands in a garbage strewn underpass .
A man stands near garbage and a spray painted drawing .
A man wearing a yellow shirt is standing in front of a cement wall with drawings on it .
a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of a bunch of garbage and a graffitied wall .
A man wearing a yellow shirt standing near some refuse .
A girl in the bathing suit talking to a guy .
A woman in a bikini is talking to a regularly dressed man on a bridge.
A woman in a small pink bikini chats on a cellphone while a man looks on outside a city shop .
A woman in a string bathing suit with a man on a boardwalk on a foggy day .
A woman in a pink bikini next to a man in brown .
A female walking wearing a string bikini towards a man in a striped shirt .
A woman in a skimpy bathing suit walks away .
A woman in a swimsuit walks along the street next to three trees .
A woman wearing a skimpy bathing suit is walking with a towel in a parking lot .
Three big trees and the back side of a girl in bikini .
A large dog sniffing a human hand while a small dog is sniffing the large dog 's butt .
A person reaches for a large grey dog while a black dog trails .
A smaller dog sniffs a larger dog in the hills .
the black dog is sniffing the brown dog 's butt .
The lady ask the dog to give her the ball on their beach walk .
Kids ride outside in red car .
Two children are riding in a red play vehicle at a real gas station .
Two children in a toy car , in front of a gas station .
Two kids in a toy car at a gas station .
two young children riding in a toy car at a real gas station.
A black and white dog lies on the ground next to a little girl on a red bicycle in the woods .
A child in a red sweatshirt , jeans , and black bike helmet and a dog pose for a picture outdoors .
A child is sitting on a bike next to her dog.
A little girl poses on her bike with her dog in the woods .
The dog is laying on the ground next to the little girl with the red bike .
A girl plays on a red toy .
A little girl in a blue coat is rocking on a red playground toy .
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors .
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs .
The girl wearing a blue coat is standing on the wooden rocking toy in the playground .
A team of dogs , and a woman following on a bike .
A woman is riding a three wheeler bicycle behind a pack of dogs .
A woman on a trike and a team of dogs .
Six huskies are pulling a three wheeled vehicle through the grass .
Woman being pulled on a large tricycle by several sled dogs .
Four shirtless men are hiking up a canyon .
Four shirtless men hike up a canyon .
Shirtless men hike through a canyon .
The hikers are climbing up the mountains .
Topless men walking up a rocky path .
A jogger is being sheltered with an umbrella .
A runner is being handed a water bottle from a woman in a teal jacket holding an umbrella .
A woman assists a marathon runner by holding an umbrella over her and giving her water .
A woman is holding a pink and brown umbrella for a lady running in a race wearing number 13406 .
On a rainy day , a woman holds an umbrella above a runner and gives her water .
A blonde haired woman is pouring drinks at a bar .
A blonde woman pours a glass of wine in a dim restaurant .
A lady in the kitchen is pouring wine .
A woman in a restaurant pouring wine into a clear glass .
A woman with a tag is pouring red wine in a glass.
A boy wearing navy blue slides down a gray slide .
A boy with laying on his stomach with his arms in front of him .
A child sliding face first down a metal tube.
A little boy in black slides headfirst down a tan tube with his mouth open wide .
A young boy going headfirst down a slide .
A man beginning to waterski wearing a red life jacket .
A man holds on to a handle in the water .
A man waterskies .
A man waterskies with a life jacket .
a waterskier wearing a red life jacket is holding the line waiting to be pulled up in the water .
A boy in a swimsuit walking in the sand towards the water.
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach .
A little boy on a beach runs towards the water .
A young boy chasing a gull on the beach.
A young boy is walking towards a seagull on the shoreline of a beach .
A brown and black dog runs down a sandy beach .
An animal running through the sand at the beach .
An orange cat with black stripes on a beach .
A striped dog runs along the beach .
Long necked dog jumps on.
A brown dog is jumping after a tennis ball .
A brown dog leaps into the air to catch a dirty tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog that looks much like a coyote jumps into the air over a grassy field to catch a tennis ball .
A red dog jumps to catch a tennis ball in the dry tall grass .
The brown dog catches a ball in the air .
A few younger boys play around a fountain .
A group of people gather around a large fountain .
Three boys play around a fountain in an office building courtyard .
Three kids are playing at a fountain in front of a building .
three kids playing around a fountain.
A girl in a yellow bathing suit from a cliff looks at a person in the water .
A girl in a yellow bathing suit stands on a rock over a body of water .
A woman in a yellow bathing suit gets ready to jump in the water to join someone .
A woman standing on a rock prepares to jump into the water .
Wet girl in yellow swimsuit looks over cliff to a swimmer in the water .
A brown dog is running towards three other dogs .
Four dogs are running around in the grass .
Four dogs of varying breeds running through a field .
Four dogs playing in a field.
Four dogs play together on a grassy and leafy ground .
A girl laying on the tree with a boy kneeling before her .
A girl with bright red hair and black clothes is posing on a tree trunk .
A large woman with long pink hair dressed in black is laying on a tree trunk talking to a man who is crouched down next to her .
A red haired woman in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree .
A woman with pink hair dressed in black talks to a man .
A brown dog is staring closely at a sleeping brown and white dog .
A little dog struggles with a man holding a slipper .
A small brown dog is playing with a fuzzy slipper .
The black and tan dog is on a rug , tugging on a slipper .
The little dog grabs a hold of the bedroom slipper with its mouth .
Four young children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two boys standing in front and the two girls smiling in the back .
Four young children pose in formally for an informal picture .
Two girls and two boys dressed alike stand together .
Two girls in matching pink and white dresses and two smaller boys in matching black and white shirts .
Two little girls in matching dresses pose with two little boys in matching outfits .
A girl in a firefighter 's uniform looks back and says something .
A woman is dressed in a " fire department " uniform .
A young female firefighter stands in front of a crowd .
The lady is wearing a blue fire department shirt .
The woman wearing a fire department uniform is talking to people .
The camera focuses on two people 's legs .
The legs and mid-sections of two people with skateboards .
Two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard.
two male skaters walk on sidewalk.
two people wearing white shirts and jeans each carrying a skateboard.
A boy in a striped shirt walking a small dog on a leash .
A boy is walking a small white dog down the street .
A boy signals with his hands while he walks a white dog with a pink leash .
A dark skinned boy is walking a white dog on a pink leash down a sidewalk .
A young boy showing off while walking his white dog in a neighborhood .
A blonde lady with sunglasses smiles .
A blonde woman wearing sunglasses and dice earrings smiles .
A woman wearing black sunglasses looks to the right and smiles .
A woman wearing sunglasses smiles .
The gal wearing the black sunglasses and blue jean jacket is smiling .
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night .
A large campfire at night with several people sitting around it .
People are clustered around a bonfire at night .
People sitting around a campfire at night .
Several people are sitting around a fire at night .
A man in a red shirt is jumping from one rock to another larger rocker with two male spotters below him .
A man in the red shirt tried to hang onto the rock while three others watched .
A man is hanging from the edge of a rock while two others catch him .
a man jumping from one large rock to the next.
A man jumps from one boulder to another and two men try to catch him as he barely makes it .
A dog swims towards a waterfall .
a tan and white dog swimming towards a waterfall.
A yellow dog swims towards a waterfall .
The dog swims through the water toward the waterfall .
The dog swims towards a waterfall .
Children climbing huge tree .
Two children are sitting in some tree branches .
Two children look down from a green tree they have climbed .
Two kids in a green tree .
Two people standing in tree on a sunny day.
A blond girl wearing blue jumping across a stream .
A girl hops across the river , from rock to rock .
A girl jumping from one rock to another in a creek .
A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank .
A little girl jumps from one rock to another in a creek .
A black and white dog standing on its hind legs on carpeting in front of a chair .
A black and white dog stands on its hind legs .
a boy jumps .
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs .
Closeup of a dog standing on its hind legs.
A closeup of a little girl on a swing .
A little girl in a dress with pink flowers swings on a red-seated swing .
A little girl in a pink and white flowered dress and blue sweater swinging .
A young girl is swinging in a backyard .
The little girl swings in the backyard .
A group of children play in the street where water is sprayed .
Children playing in water .
Children play in the street under a spray of water from a large machine .
Kids playing under a big sprinkler .
Kids play in the water in the middle of the street .
A man and a woman walk their dogs on leashes .
Dogs straining on leashes towards each other , as owners walk apart on grass .
The two dogs are being pulled away by their owners .
Two dogs on leashes straining toward each other while their owners walk away from each other .
Two dogs try to reach each other as their human companions pull them in opposite directions by their leashes .
The Kiss-costumed adults are pushing the strollers of the Kiss-costumed kids .
The two young children are in black and white facepaint and costumes while riding in a stroller , they are being pushed by a man also in facepaint and a costume.
Two babies are dressed up as Kiss along with their parent 's .
Two little kids in strollers have face makeup on like the band " Kiss " .
Two parents with two children and others dressed up like the music group Kiss .
A child in a striped shirt gleefully plays among some water fountains .
A child in rolled up jeans , a striped shirt , and a helmet frolics in sprinklers .
A girl playing in a fountain.
A girls leaps as she runs through sprinklers .
Person with striped shirt is playing in the sprinklers .
A dog jumps over a log in the woods .
A large , black dog is climbing over a wooden fence surrounded by bushes .
Black dog climbs over fallen logs or boards .
Black dog climbs over fence in grassy area.
Black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts .
a boy dressed as a pirate smiles largley .
A boy with a skeleton on his shirt laughs .
A child dressed like a pirate smiles .
A young boy dressed as a pirate and running .
The boys enjoys his pirate costume .
A dog looks behind itself .
A tan dog is running alongside another dog outside.
Two dogs are running next to each other on the grass .
Two dogs run together near the leaves .
Two small dogs run on a dirt road covered in leafs .
A blonde man is wakeboarding and is jumping into the air .
a blond man jumping through the air over the ocean.
A blond man on a single waterski .
A man gets air time on his wakeboard .
Man airborne on wakeboard with elevation in the background and blue water .
A boy dressed as Spiderman ringing a door bell.
A child dressed as Spiderman ringing a doorbell .
A child that is dressed as Spiderman is ringing the doorbell .
At Halloween , this little spiderman waits to get some candy .
A young child in a costume rings the door bell of a gray house .
A beach crowded with beachgoers .
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky .
A partly cloudy day at the beach with people standing around and a building on the right .
Beachgoers watch something in the sky .
Many people are on the beach , near a building with flags flying .
black dogs jump in pool to a hand .
Two black dogs are diving into a pool to get a dog toy .
Two black dogs jump in a pool .
Two black dogs jump into a blue swimming pool .
Two dogs are leaping into a swimming pool trying to fetch the yellow toy that is floating in the water .
A costumed diner sits in a restaurant wearing a black outfit that covers their face .
A costumed figure leans into the dinner table .
A man dressed in a dark costume sitting at a restaurant table.
a man sitting at a table with a scary mask covering his face.
A person at a table , dressed in a black costume .
A girl dressed as a devil stands in front of a lighted object on a city street .
A girl is dressed up in a red devil outfit .
A woman in a ' devil ' outfit standing in front of a fountain .
A woman in a red devil costume in front of a fountain .
A woman wears a devil costume and poses in front of a fountain .
Two men raise their arms atop a snowy mountain .
Two people jumping up with snow covered mountains in the background .
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them .
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains .
two snowboarders throw up their hands .
A dog with a few leashes and a vest on pulls at something with its mouth .
A dog with a harness and a toy its mouth .
A dog with a reflective harness looks at the camera .
A dog with a toy in its mouth eyes the camera .
A small black and white dog in a harness is looking at the camera.
A man dressed in a red outfit .
A man in a red suit and a red mask stands beside another costumed man .
A man wearing a red costume stands near others .
The guy is wearing a red and black outfit with a matching mask .
The man is wearing a red outfit and red mask stands in front of another man in urban camouflage .
A man dressed in brown holding a light saber .
a man wearing a black outfit holding on to a glowing sword .
Man dressed up in black and brown and holding a white light saber .
The man holds a light Sabre .
The man is playing with his Star Wars light sword .
A girl in a polka dot dress singing into a microphone .
A woman in a polka dot top is singing into a microphone .
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background .
A woman with black hair wearing a black and white polka-dot dress is singing into a microphone .
A young woman stands singing at a microphone while a man behind her holds a guitar .
A group of five people stand outdoors .
Five people in back shirts stand in front of a small object in a grove of trees .
Five people , wearing dark blue shirts , give a presentation outdoors .
Four men and one woman in black shirts stand in a park .
One woman and four men wearing black shirts standing on the grass in the shade .
A girl with a red helmet carying a lot of rope .
A smiling woman wearing a red hardhat has a long length of rope around her shoulders .
A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .
A woman with a helmet and climbing rope smiles at the camera .
The smiling woman in the red helmet is outdoors holding a very long rope .
A man drives a green jeep over a few jagged rocks .
A man drives a jeep over rough rocks .
A man driving a green jeep is crossing over large rocks .
A man is driving a green tractor-like vehicle over rocks .
A vehicle climbs on rocks near a forest .
An upset woman with her makeup streaming down her face from her tears .
A person wearing a pink jacket who has lots of make-up on walks down a street .
a woman wearing heavy makeup and a pink jacket is walking past a clothing shop at night .
A woman wearing heavy makeup stands in front of a store with a neon sign saying , " Red Light  ".
A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign .
A dog catches a Frisbee as it jumps on the grass .
A pitbull jumps to catch a flying disc .
A white dog has jumped up in the air to catch a Frisbee .
The dog jumps to catch the Frisbee .
The white dog has a grey Frisbee in its mouth .
A guy in gray is walking across the street at night .
A man walking across a crosswalk with long hair , a green hoodie , and a backpack .
A man with long hair is making an " OK " sign with his hand while he walks down a street .
A man with long hair wearing gray clothes and a backpack .
a young man wearing grey pants and backpack with long brown hair.
A girl in a bikini top and shorts poses for a picture on a mountain overlooking a lake .
A girl in a bikini top stands in front of a beautiful view .
A girl in a bikini top with a great view in the background.
A woman poses for a picture while in front of a lake .
Woman in white bikini top and blue shorts with body of water in the background .
A group of bicyclists riding down a path in an off road race .
A group of bikers riding through the woods.
A group of people are riding bicycles in a race .
Bikers race through a forest .
Many bicyclists racing along a dirt road .
A blond boy with a navy blue uniform kicks a soccer ball in an open field .
A boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area .
A little boy is playing soccer at a field .
A small child plays with a ball while others relax and converse with one another .
A young boy dressed in blue and white is kicking a soccer ball .
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake .
A man in red shorts swinging on a rope over a lake .
A man is swinging on a rope above the water .
A man is swinging on a rope over water .
This man is swinging on the rope swing out over the blue water .
A guy in swimming trunks flying on a rope swing above a lake .
A man is rope-swinging off a tree into a lake .
A man is swinging on a rope swing into a lake .
A person uses a rope swing over the water .
There is a man swinging off a rope swing into a lake .
The three people are squatting by the water .
Three children bend over to look at the waters edge at a lake .
Three kids lean into the water edge wearing bright pants .
Three kids squat down and look at the ground on the shore of a lake .
Three people squat down on the edge of a lake .
Two dogs are running through water carrying a rope and red float in their mouths .
Two dogs carry a toy out of the ocean .
Two dogs carrying a red toy in their mouths and running in water .
Two dogs carry one object while wading in the ocean .
Two dogs run through the water and both hold the same toy in their mouths .
A baby with a pink hat , held by a man in red and a woman in pink .
A man is holding his baby while a woman takes a picture of the baby .
A woman takes a photo of a baby being held by a man .
A woman takes a picture of a baby wearing a pink hat while a man carries her .
Woman is taking a picture of a baby in a pink hat .
A black dog in the water.
A black dog runs through the water with a ball in its mouth .
A black laborador with a ball in his mouth coming out of the surf.
A large , black dog with something in its mouth is coming out of a pool of water .
The black dog waring a red collar is running through the water with a ball in its mouth .
A man and a woman wear mickey mouse ears at an event .
A man and woman wearing Mickey Mouse ears stand in a crowd .
A man and woman wear Mickey Mouse hats .
a man and woman wearing Mickey Mouse ears in a crowd .
Two spectators are adorn with Mickey Mouse ears while looking back at an angle from a stadium .
A black and white dog runs in some leaves .
a dog sprints across the leaf covered ground .
A dog with floppy ears runs in a forest in the fall .
A dog with one ear up runs outside through the fall leaves .
A white and brown dog is running over orange leaves .
A black dog and a tan dog fighting .
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the ground .
A black dog bites a white dog while standing on the sand .
two dogs fight .
Two dogs , one white and one black , play with each other in the sand .
A man rock climbs up a very tall cliff , with a blue rope behind him .
A man wearing a red shirt is climbing up the rock wall .
A young man climbs a mountain , another follows below .
Man scales rock .
The climber in red is leading climbers up a long rock face .
A boy does a cartwheel on a rock cliff .
a man climbs a large rock .
A man climbs on a steep structure .
A man climbs up a cliff face with no safety equipment .
A shirtless man is climbing up a mountainside .
A dog in the forest .
A dog standing on a log in a forest .
A grey colored dog is licking a fallen tree in the forest .
A grey dog explores a fallen tree in the woods .
A medium sized dog sniffing in a forest.
A man in a hat stands in front of a gray jeep in dry grass .
A man in a hat standing outside of his green jeep rangler .
A man next to his black jeep .
Man in green shirt and cargo khakis standing next to a green jeep .
Man standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep .
Many of the chairs are empty with only a few people enjoying the sun .
People are lying on lounge chairs .
Several people lay out in the sun on white lawn chairs by a body of water .
Two people are relaxing on a beach amidst lounge chairs.
White lounge chairs are lined up at a resort for sunbathers .
A little blond boy and a young woman in jeans walk through a plaza .
A toddler boy in a red tank top and khaki shorts walks on the European street with a woman in a white top and faded blue jeans .
A woman walks and a little boy walks to the side of her .
A young boy wearing a red shirt stands in the street with his arms open wide .
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza .
A man helps a little girl ride a bike .
A man helps a young girl balance on a bicycle that is too big for her .
A man holding onto a small girl on a bike .
A man is helping a girl sit on a large bicycle .
This man is helping a girl in an orange dress onto a bicycle .
A man and a girl sit on the ground and eat .
A man and a little girl are sitting on a sidewalk near a blue bag eating .
A man and young girl eat a meal on a city street .
A man wearing a black shirt and a girl wearing an orange shirt sitting on the pavement eating .
A man wearing a black shirt and a little girl wearing an orange dress share a treat .
A father feeding his child on the street .
A man in a black shirt and his little girl wearing orange are sharing a treat .
A man is feeding a child food while sitting near a building with onlookers .
A man , seated , serves food to a little girl .
A man with sunglasses and a black shirt feeds ice cream to a girl with an orange dress on who is sitting beside an opened bag .
A climber is scaling a mountain cliff .
A man climbs up a mountain .
A man in a white helmet and huge backpack is rock climbing .
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain .
A mountain climber has reached the top of a brown rock .
A child at an exhibit .
a girl skips over to the fence .
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background .
A young girl is wearing a dress with a red , black , and white design .
Small girl in red , white and black dress looks at large silver orbs .
Children participate in a sport involving swine among spectators .
Children playing with a pig.
People are gathered around watching children with a pig .
Several children pet a pig while a crowd watches .
the young children are petting a piglet.
A black and white dog balances on a wooden plank .
A dog is running on a wooden beam beside a blue fence .
A dog performs acrobatic stunts on a platform .
A dog walks on a red plank by a blue railing .
The dog walks on the high plank .
a kayaker kayaks through the water .
A person kayaking in the ocean .
A person kayaks in the middle of the ocean on a grey day .
A person rows a boat over a large body of water .
person in a boat with a paddle in hand.
A dog has a wetsuit in his mouth on the beach .
A dog on a beach dragging an item.
A dog walking on a beach.
A tan dog dragging a deflated innertube down the beach .
The dog on the beach has gotten a hold of something .
A fluffy white dog on a leash with its owner riding a bike .
A person on a bike has a white dog on a leash .
a white dog being led by a person on a bicycle.
A white dog runs along a bicycle .
A white dog walking beside a bicycler .
A girl in a bikini and sneakers makes her way out of the water and onto the rocks .
A girl in a bikini in climbing rocks .
A woman in a bikini climbs rocks next to a rocky stream .
A woman in a bikini is running on rocks in a stream .
A young woman wearubg a bikini is climbing rocks near a creek .
Several children playing in a ball pit .
Some children playing in a pit full of colorful balls.
Three children in a ball pit .
Two children fall headfirst into a colorful ball pit while a third child watches .
Two children slide down a slide into a ball pit while another child looks on .
A spotted dog , a black dog , and a puppy converging on a tennis ball .
Three dogs are playing in the grass .
Three dogs play in a grassy field .
three dogs running around in the grass with woods in the background.
Two large dogs are playing in a large grassy area .
A man is cycling on the road .
A man rides a bicycle down a road with concrete barriers .
A man rides his bicycle on a wet road .
A person biking on a road near a fence .
Man cycles through diry bike path wearing white helmet and gloves.
Four boys doing a cannonball jump in unison into the pool .
Four boys in swim trunks jump into a swimming pool .
Four boys jumping into an inground pool .
Four boys jumping into a swimming pool .
Four children jump in a pool .
a small dog steps onto a log .
A small white dog climbs over a log .
A small white dog with a blue collar is climbing over a large log .
A white dog jumps over a log outside .
A white terrior is jumping over a log .
A girl wearing a blue top has her feet in the stream .
A hiker puts his feet in a stream while wearing brown shoes .
A man wearing a blue shirt and shorts is resting on a rock soaking his feet in a rocky stream .
A person is sitting near smooth rocks on a stream bed .
A woman dressed in a blue shirt , plaid shorts and brown shoes , soaking her feet in a rocky creek while sitting on a towel .
A baby boy plays outside with a blue toy .
A baby carrying a ball in stands in front of a house with a hose in the background .
A little boy is holding a blue ball in the yard .
A male child holding a ball standing on the sidewalk .
a young boy playing with a blue ball standing on a sidewalk.
A black and white dog is playing in water .
a black dog is standing on a step next to a river at it shakes itself dry .
A dog is shaking after coming out of the water .
A dog is shaking water off of itself .
A dog shakes off water .
The dogs fight over the red and pink ball .
Two dogs both pull on the same orange ball while playing in the sand .
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy.
Two dogs play tug of war with a ball .
Two dogs tug on a pink and orange ball from opposite ends .
A child shows other kids his still packaged toy .
A group of kids are at a birthday party .
A little boy is opening gifts surrounded by a group of children and adults .
Boy at birthday party shows toy off .
There is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents .
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl .
A man standing next to a large plate .
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays .
An older man poses near wooden bowls on display .
The man wearing glasses is showing a wooden product .
A woman carrying a purse and a bag with a baby in a backpack walking down a road .
A woman carrying large bags walks down the street .
A woman walking down the street carrying luggage with a baby on her back .
A woman walking on the street with a child on her back and bags under one arm and in her other hand .
A woman walking with a baby on her back a purple bag in her right hand and a brown one on her left shoulder .
Children in red shirts play in the leaves .
Four boys in red are playing with fallen leaves .
Several children leaping into a pile of leaves on the ground .
Small children are playing in a pile of dead leaves .
Three kids jumping in leaves .
A child wearing a white shirt hangs from the playground equipment .
The child in white is on the monkey bars , while the one in brown stands below .
Two children are playing on monkey bars .
Two children playing on a jungle gym .
Two children playing on an orange jungle gym in the winter time .
A black and white dog shakes itself to get the water off.
A black and white dog shakes water off itself .
A dog shaking water off .
Black and white dog shaking its wet head .
Wet black and white dog with black nose shaking off water .
A boy in a large pool .
A boy plays in the water by a building .
A boy splashing through water next to a building .
A boy stands in water near a Frisbee .
A child splashes through water near a stone building .
A woman in a purple shirt and a brown puppy sit near a fountain.
A woman sits by the pool with a dog while another dog is nearby .
A woman sits with her feet in a shallow pool and looks at a puppy .
While the humans put their feet into the fountain , the puppy on the side with his master checks out the muzzle leash on the large rottweiler .
Woman and dog cooling off at fountain.
A girl kisses her mother goodbye before she waits with the other children to start school .
A group of children in blue clothes stand by a gate .
A group of students in uniform stand in front of the gate .
Crowd of people near the water .
Group of schoolchildren in uniforms standing at a gate , one kissing her mother goodbye .
A big brown dog floats in a canoe on the river at sunset .
A brown dog in a canoe looks out over still waters .
A dog is drifting on a lake in a small boat .
A fat dog sitting in a boat.
A golden haired dog is lying in a boat that is traveling on a lake .
A brown and white animal surrounded by trees .
A dog standing outside is looking at the camera .
A tan and white dog standing near green plants .
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants .
The brown dog who looks like a dingo looks out of the forest .
A mountain climber looks down from the summit.
A person is rock climbing between two large rock faces .
A rock climber climbs in between two very large rocks .
A rock climber leans out from a crag against a deep blue sky .
Two large mountains stand high in the air as a person tries to climb one .
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles .
A man and woman blow bubbles .
A man in a black shirt and a woman in a brown shirt blow bubbles with pink wands .
an Asian man and an Asian woman are blowing bubbles from pink plastic hoops .
A woman and man are next to each other blowing bubbles .
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball .
Two children are playing with a soccer ball on grass .
Two children playing with a ball on the grass .
Two children play soccer in the park .
Two little boys are playing outside with their soccer ball on the green grass .
A boy plays a game .
A child is playing with an arcade whack a mole style fish game .
A little red-headed boy plays Whack Em !.
A small boy is whacking aliens that pop out of an arcade game .
A young child plays an arcade game .
A dog is on a leash held by a woman in white shoes .
A dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes .
A small black and tan dog on a leash .
A small dog being held on a leash .
Small brown dog on leash.
A young boy and girl sit in a wagon eating corndogs .
Two kids eat corndogs outside .
Two kids sit in a plastic tub outdoors , holding corndogs .
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a small wagon or bin .
two young children eat corndogs .
A man showering in a home outdoor shower facility .
A man uses an outdoor shower .
a person bathes in a homemade shower with a green watering can.
A person taking an outside shower , using a watering can as the water source .
A tarp wrapped around a tree and a watering can .
A man does yard work .
A man in jeans is using a yard work tool just above some pavement steps .
A man is cleaning his yard with a leaf blower .
A man using a leaf blower in a garden .
A man works on his garden .
A group of people ride bikes while holding onto large trash bags .
Four people with shopping carts full of bags .
People riding bicycles carry large plastic bags full of cans .
People transport multiple large trash bags on bicycles and in shopping carts .
People traveling with sacks on bikes and carts .
An adult and a child run on the beach .
A woman and a little girl playing in the sand next to the ocean.
Two people run down the beach and one of them is pointing .
Two people running on a beach .
two people running on the shore of a beach.
a boy caches a fish while a girl points at the fish .
A boy catches a fish in a small stream as a girl points .
A young boy catches a fish from a stream while a young girl helps .
The girl in pink is watching the boy catch a fish from the river .
Two kids fishing near a river .
A blond girl with sunglasses on her head looks squeamish .
A woman wearing sunglasses .
A woman wearing sunglasses on her head looking down .
woman wearing black shirt and glasses on head reacting to something.
Woman with black sunglasses looks down at something .
a boxer punches a boxer in the face .
A fighter attempts to kick another fighter while the other fighter blocks his kick .
a kickboxer jumping for a kick.
Two boxers are in the ring .
Two men kickbox in a ring , one man punching the other .
A little girl in only socks and a necklace is being tossed in the air and caught .
A man is lifting a little girl above his head .
A man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head .
A naked little girl being thrown into the air .
A young child is held above a man 's head as her hair flies in the air .
A man and woman ride bicycles next to each other .
two bikers bike along the street .
Two men riding bikes on highway .
Two people are riding bicycles along a road .
two people riding their bikes down a street together .
A group of people jump into a lake in unison .
Three boys diving into a lake .
Three boys in swimming trunks are diving into the lake .
Three people diving into water .
Three young men wearing colorful swim trunks are diving into the water .
a dog attempting to drink from an outdoor water faucet.
A dog drinking out of a water spigot .
A dog drinks water out of a water fountain .
A hand turns the tap to allow three dogs to drink some water .
Three dogs drinking water at a public spigot .
a body boarder is being dumped on the beach by a wave whilst other surfers are standing around in the water .
A child is pushed by a large wave while holding his yellow surfboard .
Four swimmers in the crystal blue ocean with yellow surfboards .
People surfboarding and standing in the ocean .
some wakeboarders riding waves on a beach busy with tourists.
A girl in white is swinging a sword .
A lady shows her sword.
A woman is swordfighting with an unseen opponent .
Boy in martial arts-style uniform holding a sword .
Two women watching people in white shirts , one of those persons holding a sword .
A group of people stand in front of a rock formation .
Little kid on a man 's shoulders and another man holding a blue backpack in front of a canyon .
The men are walking away from the rocks with a child .
There are two men and a kid hiking outside .
Two men are hiking with a small child near to some interesting shape rock formations .
A football player pauses during a game .
A football player wears a green jersey with the number " 4 " on it .
Greenbay football player is being handed a towel on the field .
Green Bay Packer player cooling off.
Someone takes a cloth off of a Green Bay Packers football player .
A brindle-coated dog is growling at a jumping brown dog with purple collar inside a park enclosure .
A person is watching two puppies playing .
A person standing behind two dogs interacting with one another .
A person stands next to a snarling brown and black dog while a light brown dog stands up .
Two dogs , one brown , one gray play while a person in jeans stand near by .
Men wearing sunglasses with their backs turned to the camera .
The backs of two men wearing backpacks near some tents .
Two men in black bulletproof vests watch something taking place to the right of the picture .
Two men in black outfits have backpacks .
Two men in bullet proof vests watch over a crowd by some white tents .
A guy outside playing a guitar and smoking a cigarette .
A man with an electric guitar smokes a cigarette sitting outside .
A scruffy looking man smoking while sitting on the sidewalk and holding a guitar next to a bike of some sort .
A young man is smoking a cigarette while holding a maroon guitar .
Man playing an electric guitar on a sidewalk and smoking a cigarette .
Two men are approaching a gold colored statue of Gandhi .
Two men are standing in a street , one appears to be throwing something .
Two people look up towards a gold statue .
Two people stand and gaze at a golden statue .
Two young men play outside near a golden statue of Ghandi .
A dog in midair catching a ring , while another dog watches .
A dog jumps into the air to catch a ring .
Small , white dog jumping to catch red ring .
Small white dog with brown markings jumping to catch a red ring in his mouth .
Two dogs are playing with a toy outdoors .
a boy holds a basketball angerly .
A boy with a basketballs glowers at the camera .
A young boy shows off his basketball skills.
The boy is holding a basketball on a wooden basketball court .
There are two boys on a basketball court and one is holding a basketball .
A boy dribbles a basketball in the gymnasium .
A boy dribbling a basketball in a gym .
A boy wearing a Steve Nash shirt dribbles a basketball on an indoor court .
A child in a gray t-shirt is bouncing a basketball on a basketball court .
One little boy dribbles his basketball .
A boy dressed in denim is running on the sidewalk .
A young boy in motion in front of potted plants and a beige wall .
a young boy wearing a denim outfit running down the street.
Little boy in denim runs through paved , Spanish-style yard area .
Young boy running waring blue jacket and blue jeans , flower pots are in the background on a cement walkway .
a man in a black shirt is rollerblading past a bench in the city .
A man is inline skating in front of a wooden bench .
A man is wearing Rollerblades standing on a paved area near a park bench .
A man on Rollerblades travelling down the sidewalk .
A man wearing a black shirt and brown pants skates on a concrete surface near a park bench .
People are sitting on step along the water and fishing .
People fishing off a pier .
People fishing off of a boardwalk.
Some people are fishing off the wall beside the ocean .
The fishemen enjoy the warm day .
A girl falling off a yellow and blue water tube .
A woman hanging onto the end of a raft .
A woman holds onto a blow-up raft as it is pulled over the water .
A woman rides an inflatable tube pulled by a boat .
A young woman tubing on water .
A boy with a blue hat points towards a bowl full of cork .
A child in medieval clothes points at something on a table .
A child in period costume looking at a table with a bowl , cup , and a basket of apples .
A young boy next to apples at a medieval fair .
The child is sitting at the table with art supplies and apples .
A group of 5 people are walking toward the mountains .
A group of people walking in a scrubland , a mountain in the background .
A group of people walk through the desert .
Five hikers are walking across a large open space towards a mountain .
Five hikers traverse a dry , scrubby plain towards snowy peaks in the background .
a couple wearing black vike helmets sitting on a bench together.
A man and a woman are wearing bicycle helmets , and are having a conversation .
A man wearing a bicycle helmet looks at a woman wearing a bicycle helmet .
Interracial couple looks at each other wearing biking helmets.
Two people with bicycle helmets chatting on a bench .
a attrative woman climbs over a fence .
A woman climbing a barbed wire fence .
A woman in a cowboy outfit climbs over a wire fence with onlookers from a porch behind her .
Skimply clad cowgirl climbs over barbwire fence.
The scantily clad cowgirl climbs over the barbed wire fence to get away from the two threatening people on the deck .
Two brown dogs are fighting and biting each other .
Two brown dogs cavort together near a tree .
Two dogs playing outdoors.
Two shaggy yellow dogs playing in a rough manner .
Two tan dogs fight in front of a tree .
A child sitting at a restaurant table holding a paper mask against his face .
A child with a mask on sitting at a table with a plate in front .
A young child wearing a mask at Ivars .
Child in a restaurant posing with a paper mask.
The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask at the restaurant .
A group of boys play flag football while some bystanders watch .
Kids playing tag football .
several boys playing flag football in blue and white uniforms.
Some boys in team uniforms are outside playing sports while people watch .
Young boys play touch football .
a man jumping in a mud puddle in the middle of the street.
A man jumps up and down in a puddle in a parking lot .
A smiling person wearing a jacket and boots jumps in a big puddle .
Man jumping for joy in a rain storm at the beach .
Person in blue coat jumping in standing water on pavement with body of water in the background .
A group of hikers led by a black and white dog climbs a hillside trail covered in ferns .
A group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .
People with a dog hike up a green mountain .
Three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside .
Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background .
Two dachshunds , one black the other brown , run on grass .
Two dachshunds run in the grass with a blue ball .
Two dogs chase a blue ball in a field .
Two small dogs are chasing a ball .
Two small dogs playing in a field with a small ball .
A brown dog playing with a tennis ball.
A brown dog reaches for a tennis ball .
A gray dog is looking at a ball in the air .
A large skinny dog is trying to catch a faded green tennis ball .
Brown dog catches a ball in a sunny yard.
A man cleaning the inside of a large pane of glass .
A man holds up a blue cloth and smiles .
A man is holding up a plastic jug indoors .
A man smiles while he washes windows .
The man is wearing a black shirt and holding up a blue item in a window .
A group of teenagers , one with pink hair .
A group of teenagers talk near a cement wall .
A group of teenagers talk next to a building with sandy columns .
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building .
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black .
A girl in a red shirt is standing around with her yellow bag and black purse at her side .
a woman stands near a fountain .
The lady waits with her purse and bag .
The woman stands in front of a rock pond and wears a red shirt .
Woman standing on the street with a shopping bag and a purse .
A man in a neon-colored vest holding up a section of wood.
a man in a neon yellow vest carrying a wooden crate.
A man in construction gear is moving a large plank of wood to a new destination .
A man wearing yellow hi-viz is grasping a wooden board .
Man with short hair moves wooden structure .
A group of children are lined up for a performance on a stage .
A group of girls and boys practice together on a school stage while a few adults and children watch on .
A group of kids are standing onstage in front of an audience ready to perform .
A group of kids onstage .
a large group of children performing on a stage in front of an audience.
A girl in a black jacket and hat is covered in a pink blanket.
A woman derssed in a black sweater , gloves , hat , and a scarf sits on the beach near a boulder .
A woman in a black cap and outfit sits in the sand .
A woman wearing a black hat sits on the sand with a rock behind her .
The girl sitting by a rock is wearing a black coat , black hat , black gloves but is covered by a pink blanket .
A child doing gymnastics.
A child gymnast performs a trick in a gymnasium .
A girl in a blue leotard does a somersault on a blue gymnastics mat .
a gymnast in a blue leotard is doing a handstand on the workout floor .
Gymnast does a flip on blue flooring .
A child in green shoes staring down a drain .
A young child in a green shirt and crocks looking down a drain.
Blond girl looking down the grating on the road .
The little girl in green bends down the check out the drainpipe .
The small child in green crocks leans over to look inside a grate .
a big tan dog running threw the shallow water with a stick in his mouth .
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth .
A golden retriever is coming out of the water carrying a stick in its mouth .
A tan dog is running through shallow water with a stick in its mouth .
A wet dog carrying a stick in its mouth is walking out of the lake .
A brown dog wades into a lake to retrieve a stick .
A dog carries a very big stick through the water .
A dog holds a stick in its mouth in the water .
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth .
A reddish brown dog walking in water carrying a stick in his mouth .
a child in a red coat is holding an armful of snow in front of a house .
A child in a red coat preparing a large snowball .
A child in a red snowsuit plays with snow .
A child makes a ball out of snow .
A kid in orange plays with a ball of snow outside .
A person in a black and red jacket walking up a snowy mountain .
A person is walking up a snowy hill.
A person wearing a red jacket climbs a snowy hill .
Mountain climber climbing snowy mountaintop .
Person in red and black parka climbing snow covered hill.
A man in shorts is standing on a rock looking out at the view from the hilltop .
a man looking at the view of a grassy mountain standing on a rock.
A shirtless man standing on a rock overlooking a hillside .
Man with no shirt on wearing shorts and hiking boots standing with hand on his head looking out onto a mountain .
Shirtless man on high cliff with back to camera .
A dog in a field of colorful flowers .
A large brown dog is running through a field of flowers .
A tan dog walks through a field of colorful flowers .
Dog runs through field of flowers.
The brown dog walks through the flowers .
Mountain climbing gear on a mountain.
Ski equipment , left alone on snowy ski slope .
Ski equipment on the side of a snowy mountain .
Ski equipment sits alone on a snowy mountain.
Snowy mountainside with snow gear and poles in forefront .
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs .
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth .
a skiny dog jumping in the air with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
The dog jumps to catch the ball .
A little girl is petting a golden dog .
A small girl gives a kiss to a tan dog .
A tan dog and a little girl kiss .
A toddler girl puckering up for a kiss from the dog .
A yellow dog licks a little girl on the nose .
A black and white dog chases a pink Frisbee .
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee .
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court .
A black and white dog is running with a pink Frisbee next to him.
A dog runs to catch a Frisbee on AstroTurf .
A boy holding a hose next to a man while another boy watches on , held by a woman .
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors while the rest of his family watches .
A man in an orange shirt is helping a boy squirt water from a hose into a pond whilst a woman and boy watch .
A smiling family congregate around a water spout in a pasture .
A young child plays with a hose in a field with another child , and two adults .
A lone hiker is sitting on a rock on a snowy mountain trail .
A man descends a snowy mountain .
A person is climbing a snowy mountain .
Someone hiking in the mountains .
The person is in the snowy mountains .
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow .
Two dogs playing on the beach .
Two dogs play on the beach .
Two french poodles romp on a snowy field.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high.
A group of friends ride the current in a raft .
A group of people river rafting .
A group of people wearing life jackets riding a raft through rough waters .
a large group of people in a red raft wearing red life jackets on the river.
this group of people are practicing water safety by wearing preservers while in a raft on the river.
A hiker standing on a bluff high in the mountains .
A man feels on top of the world on top of a large rock formation .
A man stands at the top of a mountain with his hands in the air .
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain .
A person in a red shirt is standing , with arms raised , at the top of a mountain .
A child plays a red toy guitar and sings into multicolored plastic microphone .
A little boy is playing with a toy guitar and microphone .
A little boy plays a toy guitar while singing into a toy microphone .
A little boy with toy microphone and guitar pretends to play music .
The child has a small red guitar and toy microphone .
A man paddling in water .
A person paddles a boat on a lake .
Beautiful scenery with a boat on the lake .
Person canoes in lake .
The person is in a conoe and holding a paddle in front of some mountains .
A paraglider soars near a cliff and over a body of water .
A person parachuting over the ocean.
A purple paraglider flying over the ocean near a cliff .
Someone with a purple parachute has jumped off a cliff .
The purple parachutes floats off the cliff toward the grey ocean below .
A person in a field walks toward their white and orange parachute while another holds it .
People collecting a parachute after landing on the ground .
The parachutist is standing in a field near to his unfurled parachute .
Two people fold a parachute after they have landed in a field .
Two people on a grassy plain are gathering a parachute that one of the people just used .
a man parachutes into the desert .
A parachute over some sand .
A parachutist lands .
A person is hang gliding over a sandy area .
The parachutist has a bird flying along with him .
Brown dog barks at another brown dog with a stuffed duck in mouth .
Two bird dogs competing for the kill .
two brown dogs play .
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth .
Two Weirmeiner dogs in red collars are playing with a toy bird.
A girl in a flower dress is running on sand .
A girl running with outstretched arms.
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground .
A little girl is running .
The yuong girl is standing on one leg .
A black dog .
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera .
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves .
A black puppy wearing black collar sits on the grass and leaves .
Black dog lays on grass.
A baby crawls next to a street against a blue sky .
A baby crawls on asphalt against a blue sky .
A little Asian boy crawls along on asphalt .
A little toddler in blue pants is crawling on the road .
An Asian baby crawling on a road .
A baby holds a game control above its head and laughs .
a baby is holding a controller to a video game above his head .
A little kid holds up a remote control in front of the television .
A young boy is holding a PlayStation controller over his head .
Baby sitting on floor and holding a game controller over its head .
A man has fallen over on the street at night.
A man laying on the ground with a wet spot on his pants and a white and red hat .
A man with a hat , and no shoes lays on the ground after he wets himself .
a person lays down on the street with his shoes off .
There is a man laying on the ground with a red and white hat on his head .
A man and child stand at the bottom of an outdoor staircase near benches .
A man and young boy are standing , looking at each other , in an outdoor garden area .
A man in an ampitheater talking to a boy .
A man talks to a boy in a vacant area .
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the outdoor stairs .
A boy hangs from a t-bar while a man gives him a push .
A little boy being pushed by an older person on playground.
A little boy is going down a pulley swing .
a man pushes a boy on a zip line .
A smiling boy slides down a rope while hanging on .
A black dog with brown markings wearing a red vest trots down a path .
A brown and black dog is running along a grassy path wearing a red jacket .
A dog with a reflective garmet running down a rural road.
Brown and black dog with red and white jacket run on road in rural area .
Dog with a red cape running on a dirt road .
a couple with a young child wrapped in a blanket sitting on a concrete step.
A woman and a man holding a child sit on steps .
A young family sits on steps enjoying the day.
A young family sitting on stone steps .
The man and woman are sitting on wooden steps holding a baby .
Adults and children stand and play in front of steps near a wooded area .
A family stands in a paved courtyard in an park in fall .
A group of people stands talking to each other , while one girl in the group holds a bicycle .
The adults and children are gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement .
The girl with the red bike is wearing red pants .
a brown and a black dog play in a field.
A brown dog and a black dog are together in tall grass .
A brown dog and a black dog are together in the tall grass .
Two dogs are standing in a very grassy area .
Two dogs in a field looking at each other .
A little girl in stripped tights lays on the laps of a little girl and boy .
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor .
Three children playing on the floor .
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet .
Three young kids are all tangled up together and playing on a big rug .
A greyhound dog race is happening at the track .
Three dogs racing on a dirt track.
three dogs run across the track .
Three greyhound dogs race around a dark track .
Three greyhounds reach the finish line .
A group of people standing in front of a setting sun .
Children in a field at dusk .
Several people are standing near trees at dusk .
The setting sun outlines a group of four people and the surrounding trees .
The sun is setting behind a group of people .
A boy without a shirt is running in the street while several people stand behind him .
A little boy dances with a group of people behind him on a city street .
A small boy dances on the concrete surrounded by adults .
The little boy wearing no shirt is running by a crowd of people .
The shirtless little boy is walking around adults .
A girl is taking a picture of a girl and guy on a colorfully decorated pink bike .
A girl sits on a decorated bike with a younger boy while another girl takes a picture .
Two people on a bicycle are posing for a picture.
Two people ridding a colorfully decorated bicycle .
Two people ride a colorful bike while a blond woman takes their picture .
A man snowboarding down a mountain covered with snow .
A skier rapidly descending a steep snow covered hill .
A snowboarder coasting down the side of a snowy hill .
Snowboarder going down a fresh hill .
The sun is shining above the snow and trees .
A person is walking on a sidewalk and a skeleton is on the left inside of a fence .
A skeleton sits on a fence on the edge of a road .
a skeleton sits on the bushes .
A woman walks down a sidewalk past a Halloween decoration .
There is a large skeleton behind a fence .
A group of horses and people in front of a snowy mountain .
The riders and horses are taking a break and resting on the mountain trail .
Three men are standing around pack horses in front of a red tent up in the mountains .
three riders stand around their horses in the mountains .
Two men and some horses on a snowy mountain .
A black and brown dog is biting on a stick in the forest .
a brown dog chewing on a large piece of wood .
A brown dog is chewing on a stick .
A dark brown dog is chewing on a stick .
The brown dog is playing with a stick .
A black dog carrying a colorful ball swims .
A black dog is retrieving a ball in water .
A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth .
A black dog swims in water with a colorful ball in his mouth .
Black dog paddles through the water with a bright ball in its mouth .
A brown dog is jumping up at another dog in front of the man in jeans .
A tan dog is grappling another tan dog on gravel while someone stands narby .
Two dogs engaged in physical contact with a man in the background .
Two dogs play fighting on sand .
Two dogs wrestle or hug .
A hiker posing for a photo in an arid mountain landscape .
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains.
A man in a green hat standing on a slope in front of a mountain .
a man in camouflage hiking gear , wearing a green pouch is standing in the foothills .
A person in hiking gear is standing on a hill with a mountain in the background .
A boy gets flipped into the river by another boy .
A group of children play in the water under a bridge .
An airborne kid is watched by his launcher and others .
Boys jump off a bridge into the water .
Man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them .
a little girl in a blue and pink leotard is walking along a beam whilst a person 's hand is stretched out to support her .
A little girl in a blue and pink outfit is walking on a balance beam with the aid of woman standing to her left .
A little girl walking down a balance beam with an adult ready to assist .
A young girl is standing on a balance beam .
A young girl practicing gymnastics on a balance beam .
A barefoot young boy glances at the camera while swinging in a park .
A boy swings high under blue sky .
A boy wearing brown swings in a playground against a blue sky .
A young sandy blonde boy is at a park swinging on the swings .
Two children at the height of a swing .
The men are climbing .
Two men are lying in red cots on the side of a mountain .
Two men are sleeping on makeshift beds on the side of a cliff .
Two men in cots hanging from a cliff.
Two mountain climbers are smiling on the mountainside .
A little girl in pajamas is jumping on the couch .
A little girl is bouncing on a couch in front of a large bay window .
A little girl jumping on a couch .
A small girl is jumping on a sofa bed .
A young girl jumps off of a couch and high into the air .
A lady in a white hat and sunglasses riding a bicycle .
A person biking down a city street in gloves and a warm hat .
A person in winter gear is riding a bike near an intersection .
A woman in a winter coat riding a bike down a city street .
A woman wearing a white beanie is riding a bike down the street .
A blurry picture of a woman riding a bike .
A female with a black scarf and a helmet riding her bike .
A woman rides her bike down the street in the fall .
The girl is wearing a brown coat and helmet as she rides her bike .
Woman rides bicycle in autumn wearing brown jacket.
A white dog wearing a christmas reindeer headband plays with a brown dog in the grass among some stuffed animals .
A white dog wearing reindeer ears is next to a brown dog .
A white dog with fake antlers on its head and a brown dog play together outdoors .
The white dog next to the brown dog is wearing a christmas headband .
Two dogs , one wearing christmas antlers , tussle on the grass .
A man doing a back flip while another takes a picture .
A person is taking a picture of another person doing a flip in midair in the grass .
A young man takes a picture of his friend doing gymnastics in a field.
One man taking a photo of another man jumping in a field by a small tree .
One person does a flip in the middle of the field while their friend takes a picture .
Dogs in a race .
Greyhound dogs wearing racing stripes are running out of a gate on a track .
Greyhounds jumping out of the gate at a race .
Racing greyhounds leave the starting gate .
Three racing dogs are running out of the starting gate on a track .
A brown dog running in a yard .
A dog runs on the grass in a yard , a gazebo in the background .
A dog trotting through someone 's yard .
A large brown dog is running through a grassy backyard .
Large brown dog runs through a large grassy area .
A man in a black hoodie and jeans skateboards down a railing .
A man skateboards down a steep railing next to some steps .
a person is sliding down a brick rail on a snowboard .
A person walks down the brick railing near a set of steps .
A snowboarder rides down a handrail without snow .
A bicyclist dressed in all black in traffic .
A dark skinned man is cycling in a street full of traffic .
A man in black is riding a bike in the parking lot .
A man riding a bike near traffic .
a man riding his bike in traffic.
A black dog grabs a bird in its mouth in the pool .
A dog is jumping into a pool to get a duck floating there .
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck .
a dog jumps in the pool to get a chicken .
The black dog is jumping into the pool to catch a rubber chicken in its mouth .
A woman in a pink hat and a navy blue coat riding a bicycle .
a woman wearing a pink cap riding a bicycle.
A woman wearing black clothes , a purple scarf , and a pink hat is riding a bike .
a woman with glasses and a pink hat rides her bike .
The woman is wearing a pink hat and is riding a bike in the park .
A man in a white hat uses money to obscure the face of the baby in his baby carrier .
A woman in a white hat holding money and her bags .
A woman juggles her baby , purse , money and food from a market .
A woman wearing a white hat and carrying a baby , a grocery bag , and a blue tote bag , sorts her money .
A woman wearing a white hat is carrying a baby whilst shopping in a market for groceries .
A girl who is surrounded by other people is taking a picture at a concert .
A group of men and women are facing in the direction of something that is happening off camera .
A group of people gathered at night watching an event .
A group of people gathered for an event.
Several people are gathered and watching an event .
A black and tan puppy is biting the ear of a brown dog .
A black puppy chewing on a brown dog 's neck.
A black puppy chewing on an adult brown dog .
A small puppy stands on his hind legs to bite a bigger dog who is lying on the stairs .
The small brown dog is laying down while the black dog is biting it .
A brown dog chasseing a white dog .
A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass.
A white dog is walking through the leafy grass while a brown dog is about to bite it .
One white dog and one brown dog playing with a stick .
Two little dogs run through the leaves .
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street .
A man wearing a beret rides his bicycle on a recreation trail .
an old man , with a grey beard , riding his bike.
Closeup of a man cycling down a road lined with boulders .
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle.
Three boys in sports casual clothing are posing in front of a blue building.
Three boys pose with their arms around each other .
Three boys with arms around each other .
Three young boys with their arms around eachothers shoulders .
Two little boys with brown hair and one with blond hair .
A person in a hang-glider .
A person on a beach in a green hang glider .
A small parasail .
Hang glider on beach.
Two parasailors on one parasail landing on a sandy beach in front of a large rocky boulder and the water .
A backpacker standing near water at dusk .
A hiker is shadowed by the time of day near an open and tree-lined body of water .
A hiker 's profile against a blue sky and mountain range .
A hiker standing on the shore of a lake .
A man with a hiking backpack on is standing in front of a lake with a forest in the background .
A man casting a fishing pole .
a man casting out a fishing line into a stream.
A man fishes .
Man standing on edge of stream while casting his fishing line .
Someone casts a fishing line into a body of water .
A boy wearing a jean jacket with his hand on his chest smiling at the camera .
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store .
A boy with writing on his hand is standing in a store .
A young man in a jean jacket smiles for the camera inside a store .
A young man with a denim jacket and writing on his hand smiles in front of a bookcase full of videos .
A hiker makes his way downhill .
A man carying sticks descends a rocky hill .
A man is hiking on a mountaintop on a cloudy day .
Hiker walking along high rocks in front of a blue sky with puffy white clouds .
The man in a blue sweater is climbing down the rocks.
boats out on the water on a foggyday.
A canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe .
A view of a boat from another boat on the water .
Looking over the prow of a boat at another boat on a foggy lake .
One canoe heading for another on a foggy river bank .
A man dressed in black and holding a package in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a police sign asking for witnesses to a road dealth to step forward .
a man in black walking past a red and yellow signpost whilst eating .
A man is eating and walking past a yellow and red sign .
A man is eating something and walking down a sidewalk past a big red and yellow sign .
A sign asking for help with a man walking by eating .
Two ladies walking on the sidewalk talking to each other .
Two women are bundled up walking through town .
Two women crossing the street on a cold day.
Two women walking down the street .
Two women walking near some trees in warm , dark-colored garments , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .
A boy sits in the library , reading a book .
A young boy sits in a chair in a bookstore reading a book .
A young boy takes time to read during his trip to the bookstore .
The boy in glasses is reading .
The boy with glasses is sitting and reading a book .
A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .
A dog has a tennis ball in its mouth .
A golden-colored dog , with his eyes alert , holds a brightly colored tennis ball in his mouth .
A tan dog is playing with the green ball .
Dog running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A group of people in protective gear .
A man looking down wearing racing clothes with a motorcycle to the right .
A man stands outside .
A man wearing dirt bike clothes , with a logo in close-up .
A person in bike riding gear standing with mountains in the background .
A Dalmatian dog running downhill through leaves in a wooded area .
A dalmatian runs through the woods .
A dog runs in the woods .
A dog runs through a very wooded area .
The Dalmation is running through the woods .
A brown dog is running away from his owner .
A brown dog with a lease is running with a person behind the dog .
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on its hind legs .
A tan dog on a leash stands on his hind legs .
Dog on leash running from man.
Three children are jumping into the air into a swimming pool at a resort .
Three children are jumping into the water under a palm tree .
Three children jumping into a pool .
Three children jumping into a pool with a palm tree in the middle .
Three children jump into a hotel pool from an artificial island .
A guy with a scarf and woven toboggan .
A man in black and white cap and scarf .
A man wearing a scarf and knitted hat is smiling .
A person wearing a hat and scarf looks to the right .
The man has a poof on top of his woolen hat .
The backs of two girls dressed identically in black shirts and black and red plants as they climb on a fence .
Two children in identical outfits hang on a chain link fence .
Two girls wearing red pants , black pants , and sandals are climbing a chain link fence .
Two identically dressed girls climbing a fence.
Two young girls in matching outfits standing on a chain link fence .
A boy in grey pajamas is jumping on the couch .
A boy in pajama pants jumps on a red couch .
A boy smiles at the camera and jumps in the air over the couch .
a shirtless boy jumps onto the couch .
The boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa .
A black and brown dog is playing on the ice at the edge of a lake .
A black dog is breaking ice at the edge of a stream .
A black dog is stepping on the ice .
A black dog plays with a bit of ice by the frozen river .
A dog stands on the edge of an icy body of water .
an elderly woman is riding a bicycle in the city as a yellow taxi is about to pass by .
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street .
An older woman with blond hair rides a bicycle down the street .
A woman in a grey overcoat rides her bicycle along a street .
Older woman wearing glassses riding a bicycle with a shopping bag on the handle , yellow car is in the background .
a man in the snow wearing a furry hat and a black jacket with a red scarf.
A man wearing a hat in a snowstorm .
A man with a goatee wears a fur hat in the snow .
Man in furry hat stands in snow.
The man is wearing a scarf , jacket , and a furry hat on a snowy day .
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass .
A black and white dog is running with a muzzle .
A black and white dog wearing a face mask runs through a field .
A black and white dog with a mask on its face is running in a field .
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass .
A black and white dog runs beside a brown dog in a green field .
The black and white dog along with the brown dog are galloping outside.
Two dogs race through a field .
Two dogs run across the grassy field .
Two dogs running fast in the grass .
A person in a blue jacket , wearing a bicycle helmet is riding a bike.
A woman is riding her bicycle .
A woman riding a bike in a park.
A woman with a blue jacket wears a helmet as she rides a bike .
A woman with a helmet riding a bike .
A small boy standing near muddy water with something in his hand while someone beside him washes clothing in buckets .
A young black child stands on the edge of a body of water near buckets .
A young boy stands near the water in a muddy river .
Child standing by a rivers edge with laundry in buckets next to them .
On shore near brown water , boy holds object beside buckets of rags .
A boy high in the air above the dirt and water near the red rock cliffs .
A medium sized child jumps off of a dusty bank over a creek .
a young person wearing a grey shirt and yellow shorts jumping into a river .
Person in yellow shorts , grey shirt with logo jumping from bank into the water .
The boy in yellow shorts leaps from river bank towards the river .
A dog in the snow .
A dog laying in the snow .
A dog lays on the snow .
A golden dog plays in the snow.
A red dog crouches in the snow .
A child in a bright red jacket runs through a pile of hay .
A little girl in a red sweater and blue skirt is in the hay .
A young child dances on a straw surface .
The boy is running through hay at a pumpkin patch .
The child is walking through straw .
A boy holding kitchen utensils and making a threatening face.
A boy is pulling a wild face whilst waving cooking implements in his hands .
a girl in a tan shirt holding up a fork and knife in one hand and a pot in the other.
A person with cooking utilities poses menacingly in a dark environment .
A woman with a knife and fork grimmaces .
Two girls bundled up in winter coats pose for a picture .
Two girls holding drinks and looking at something on a cellphone .
Two teen girls are looking at a small electronic device while wearing winter coats .
Two women dressed for cold weather in jackets and gloves look at something on a cellphone screen .
Two young girls huddle to look at a cellphone .
A girl in a white coat takes pictures .
A girl in a white puffy jacket takes a picture .
a group of people looking into their cameras.
Asian woman in white coat takes photo .
The woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .
A kayaker falling down a waterfall.
A man is kayaking down a waterfall .
A man on a kayak coming down a raging waterfall.
A person is on a small boat and going down some very strong water currents .
White water rafter goes through a rough spot .
A man in a yellow boat paddling down rough waters .
A rafter in a yellow raft in a steamy white river .
A yellow kayak is descending quickly down a white water rapid .
Kayacker riding rough current downstream .
The yellow kayak is in the middle of the rapids .
A girl in a purple dress smiling as she climbs an indoor rock wall .
A girl is in a dress .
A little girl wearing a purple dress looks down at the camera .
a young girl climbs a rock wall , in a purple dress .
A young girl wears a purple dress .
A Mani is kayaking down some calmer rapids .
A man in a small kayak is floating down the river .
A man in a yellow jacket is floating on the river in a green kayak .
A man smiles in his blue and green kayak .
A man wearing a helmet in a Pyranha kayak floats down some river rapids .
A blonde dog is digging a deep hole in the ground and its tail is up in the air .
A dog half way in a hole in the ground .
A dog is digging a large hole in a yard to find something .
A dog is digging in the ground and half of his body is under the ground .
The rear end of an animal whose front end is underground .
A person dressed up as a snowman is walking through a crowd of people .
five cold people in the snowstorm , one wearing a snowman head.
People pose for a picture in the snow.
Three young people pose by a snowman in a red tie .
Two couples pose with a snowman .
A broken down hummer gets towed on a truck bed .
A damaged vehicle is carried by a repair truck in a night-time scene .
A flat bed truck in a parking lot with an army vehicle on its bed .
An old , beat-up jeep being towed away .
Dirty SUV sits on the bed of a tow truck at night .
The girl in the white shirt has a bracelet on and has her arm around the girl in the peach shirt .
The two girls laid on the grass together .
Two little girls are laying on the grass smiling .
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground.
two young girls hug each other in the grass .
A large man is wearing a headband with mistletoe attached to it .
A man in a sweatshirt and cap wears a flower on his head .
A man wearing a black knit cap with a red and white striped headband with a flower on top .
An man with a black ski cap and a red and white headband looks into the distance .
Man wearing a black hat with a christmas theme .
A dog running with a newspaper in its mouth .
A dog runs down the street , carrying a newspaper .
A dog with a newspaper in his mouth runs down a paved path .
A fluffy , tri-colored dog is running down the road with a paper in its mouth .
An Australian shepherd dog carrying a newspaper in his mouth .
three black dogs are swimming through some murky brown water , one with a yellow object in its mouth .
three black dogs swimming in dirty water.
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball .
Three dogs are up to their necks in water .
Three dogs swim in the water .
A girl in a hooded jacket presents a cake with candles .
A girl in a hood jacket holds a birthday cake with many candles .
A girl in a winter coat with a birthday cake .
A girl is holding a birthday cake .
A young girl holding a cake with candles dressed in a heavy coat .
A brown dog is walking in the water .
A brown dog takes cautious steps in the calm waters with a sandy bottom .
A brown dog wades in the water .
A dog with red fur stands in a body of water .
A large , golden colored dog is walking through water .
A hiker with two hiking poles stands on a hillside with a view of the city below him .
A hiker with two sticks is a standing on a path that is high up on a hill .
A hiking man stands on a cliff overlooking a city .
A man hikes on a dirt path high above a city .
A person holding poles is standing on a rock ledge with bushes on each side overlooking mountains .
A hiker is ready to take on a rugged outdoor trail .
a lone hiker on a dirt hiking trail with a hat and sunglasses on with trees in the background.
A man in shorts is hiking in a dry region .
A man stops for a picture with the scenery during his hike .
The man is posing for a picture in the desert wearing a green shirt and hat , and holding a metal detector .
A man in a hat with long sleeves and long pants stands overlooking a city .
A man stands on a cliff overlooking a city .
A man with a backpack and hat is standing by a high cliff where you can see for miles .
Hiker standing on top of a rock overlooking a town .
The man wearing a backpack and a hat , stands on a ledge overlooking a city .
A woman , a little boy , and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue .
a woman and two small children posing in front of a large cow statue .
A woman gives a baby to a small child to hold as they stand in front of a cow statue .
A woman stands with two children near a decorated bull statue .
The woman and children are standing next to a statue of a cow .
A man in a green hat is someplace up high .
A man in a green hat is taking a self portrait .
A man in a hat at a scenic overlook .
a man wearing a green canvas hat with a distnat city in the background.
Man with green hate and sunglasses on a high up peak.
A woman and man in winter gear stand .
Three adults wearing cold weather gear .
Two people are wearing heavy clothing .
Two people in winter clothing .
two women bundled up on a snowy day.
A boy wearing black walks down the street with his hands in fists .
A teenage boy dressed in black stands on a snowy street .
A teenage boy wearing all black tries to look tough with cheap jewelry on .
A young man wearing a black hat and jacket is walking outside .
Punk rock teenager walks with a mean look on his face .
the boy laying face down on a skateboard is being pushed along the ground by another boy .
Two girls play on a skateboard in a courtyard .
Two people play on a long skateboard .
Two small children in red shirts playing on a skateboard .
two young children on a skateboard going across a sidewalk.
Dogs walking in the grassy field .
Large fluffy grey dog standing in grass in front of a brown dog .
one dog standing in some grass with his tongue hanging out and a tan dog in the background.
Two dogs of different breeds are standing in a pasture .
Two dogs stand in the grass .
A black dog bounds across the sand .
A dog walking across the desert .
A short black dog is walking over a barren landscape .
A small black dog running across the sand .
A small black dog walks in the sand .
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow .
A woman standing in the snow with people in the background .
A young woman in a spring coat and purple gloves stands in falling snow .
A young woman looks happy in winter clothes while it snows .
Young asian woman with pink gloves stands in the snow .
A boy in african clothing runs across a concrete wall .
A little boy with a green shirt is running on a rock ledge .
An African boy in large green shirt is running barefoot along a wall .
A young boy dressed in green running along a smooth , stone wall near a wooded area .
Boy in green tunic on rock wall .
A long haired man walking away beside a canal whist holding onto a railing .
A man walks down a path next to a waterway .
A person walks by some blue-green water while holding a rail .
a person with a long ponytail walks along a waterway under a tunnel.
The man with long hair is walking along a storm drain .
A man lies on a street with his head and shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up .
A man looks under a car on a wet street .
A man works on a car .
A person lies half under a car , face-down .
A person underneath a car with a jack .
A dog places his head on a man 's face .
A dog snuggles with a man in sunglasses .
A dog with a blue collar is licking a man who 's wearing large tinted sunglasses .
A large brown dog with a blue collar is resting his chin on a man 's face .
An orange dog is licking a man wearing red sunglasses .
A girl holding a crocodile 's mouth closed.
A girl is posed over a statue of a dangerous animal .
A girl sits on what appears to be a crocodile .
A girl sitting on top of a crocodile.
A girl with red hair is sitting on a crocodile holding its jaw .
A boy stands in the ocean lifting up his shorts .
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water .
A little boy in blue shorts , glasses , and a coat stands in the surf .
The kid is wearing a blue jacket and standing in shallow beach water .
The small child wades ankle deep in the water on the shoreline .
A baby looks through his crib .
A baby , surrounded by some toys , looks out of a playpen .
Baby in playpen with wide eyes.
Baby looking through playpen bars at camera .
The infant is laying on its stomach , in a crib , looking up at the camera .
A dog runs through snow in front of the woods .
Large dog running in snow.
The dog runs through the snow .
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow .
The German Shepherd is running through the white snow .
A dog lying on its back in the sand .
A white and brown dog rolls on its back in the sand .
The dog rolls over to scratch its back in the sand .
The white and brown dog is rolling in the sand .
The white dog is on its back in the sand with paws in the air .
A dog is shaking off water .
A dog shakes his head .
A dog shakes off water.
A dog shakes off water and gets contorted .
The dog is shaking water off of his body .
A man and a boy play music as little girls watch .
A man is playing a guitar with a child playing a harmonica while three young girls watch .
Three children watch a man onstage playing guitar .
Three little girls look on as a boy plays the harmonica with an adult guiutarist sitting beside him .
Three little girls watch a band .
a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some grey rocks high above some green foliage .
A man in a headband climbing a rock .
a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery .
Man climbing a sheet rock face .
Man in red headband climbing a rock.
a man looks through his binoculars while another man holds a drink .
A man with a thermos is standing next to a man who is gazing through binoculars .
Two men are standing together while one looks through binoculars .
Two men look out as one is holding binoculars .
two people standing next to each other with mountains in the distance .
A hiker waves to the camera as he standing in front of snowcapped mountains .
A man stands on the snow near the mountains .
A person poses in the snow .
A person stands in the snow at the top of a mountian , arms raised .
A skier in the mountains .
a lone person standing on some rocks with large snowy mountains in the background .
A man is standing on the rocky ground in front of the mountain .
A man standing in front of an icy mountain .
The person is standing by the water in front of the snow topped mountains .
The traveller pauses in front of the mountain view .
A man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a snow landscape .
A man is standing on dirt with his hands in the air with mountains and snow behind him .
A man raises his arms on rocky beach .
One lone man with fist in the air with large rocky mountains in the background.
Man with outstretched arms standing on snow-covered rocks .
A male hiker wearing a green jacket is posing next to a large glacier .
A man with a camera and an ice structure behind him .
A man with a camera crouching on ice .
A man with a camera kneels in front of a giant hill of snow .
The mountain climber prepares to take a photo .
A girl in a ballet fairy costume is touched by a wand .
A young girl performing the nutcracker .
The little girl is standing on a stage dressed up as a pink fairy .
The tiny girl dressed in a butterfly ballet costume , waves her wand near a nutcracker statue .
Young girl waving turquiose leotard and pink tutu with wings waving wand .
A hiker is posing in front of snowy mountains .
A hiker is standing in before the mountain holding two walking sticks .
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains .
A man with two ski poles stands near a mountaintop .
The man wears a green hat and jacket while standing in front of a mountain .
A brown chow mix dog is standing in front of a van with euro plats in the middle of a messy yard .
A brown dog standing in a muddy yard .
A brown dogs walks near a green van and some junk .
A large brown dog stands in front of a green van in the yard of a house .
A yellow dog is standing in front of a green car and next to a toilet .
