Three black dogs wearing muzzles race through the green grass .
Three dogs leaping up in the air as they compete in a race .
Three dogs wearing vest are running on the green grass .
Three muzzled and numbered dogs running through the grass .
Three muzzled black dogs race through the grass .
A BMX racer comes down a hill ; everything around him is a blur.
A dirt biker rides down a trail .
A man in blue is riding a bicycle on a track .
A mountain biker is giong down a hill on his bike .
A mountain biker on a blue mountain bike gets air time .
A guy with sunglasses stands on a skateboard in front of a circle design wall .
A man is skateboarding on asphalt while the sun beams over a wall .
A man on a skateboard.
A young man skateboards in black shoes , black pants , and a white top with sunglasses .
Skateboarder wearing shades in front of a wall that looks like fishscales .
A man is playing fetch with a dog .
a man with tatoos playing fetch with a white dog with a black ear.
A tattooed man with a white dog jumping up for a stick .
A white dog jumps in the air after a stick .
The white dog jumps for an object thrown by his master .
The girl with red sunglasses and a white shirt is sitting on a bench next to the girl in the black tank top .
Two people on a bench sitting in the shade .
Two people sitting on a park bench on a sunny day.
Two women on a bench .
Two women , one in white , one in black , are sitting on a bench .
A man climbs up the side of a steep rock that overlooks a river .
A man is climbing a steep and rocky cliff overlooking water .
A man is climbing on rocks by the water .
A man is climbing the side of a mountain over the ocean .
A man rock climbing at the ocean .
a couple of dogs running through the water with trees in the background.
Two dogs are running through a small pond.
Two dogs play in a river , one is making a splash .
Two dogs run through the water near trees .
Two dogs standing in a lake .
A group of children play in the grass at a park .
Kids are playing a game of ball outdoors .
Kids playing on a lawn with a flag and parking lot nearby .
Three children are playing with balls near to an American flag .
Three kids playing with balls on a lawn.
a man holding puppies.
A man holds two puppies .
A person is holding two newborn puppies .
Two newborn puppies are being held by a pair of human hands .
Two white newborn puppies being held by hands .
A little boy and a woman dancing .
A man in a dance studio holds the hand of a boy , teaching him to dance .
Group of people teach a little boy in a red shirt and sneakers how to dance .
The little boy in the red shirt is dancing with the lady in the brown shirt and blue jeans while two people look on .
Two adults dancing with a little boy while another person standing in the background .
a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
A family poses seated on concrete steps .
A family sits for a picture on a staircase outside .
A group of people are sitting on the steps outside .
A group of people sit on the cement steps in the woods and smile .
These five people are seated on steps outdoors .
A boy holds a soccer ball while he stands next to a running track .
A boy is outside holding a red and blue soccer ball .
a young boy carrying a large soccer ball with a soccer feild in the background.
A young boy in a green shirt is holding a red and blue soccer ball .
There is a young kid , dressed up in a soccer uniform , holding his ball .
A boy hits a ball , with a bat , outside , while others in the background watch him .
A man hitting a red ball with a bat while running in grass .
A young man hitting a ball with a bat .
Boy plays baseball in a grass field .
man playing cricket , hits the red ball .
A large dog looks at a smaller dog who is chewing a blue rope .
A large dog watching a small dog.
A small dog chews on a blue shoe next to a large dog .
The brown dog is watching the white dog chewing the blue string .
The large dog watches the small one play with rope .
a dog is stepping out into the water towards the sun 's reflection .
A dog is wading in the water .
A dog wading into the water.
A dog walking through the pound .
The dog is walking out into the water and the sun is casting a reflection off of the water .
A man is jumping with his body forward toward a photograph screen and a large photography light .
A man jumps towards a light with a white tarp behind him .
A person falls through the air in a room , with a step ladder in it .
Person jumps toward light in photo studio .
There is a person in jeans and sneakers jumping off the ground towards a large white light .
a man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall .
A man in grey sits and watches a waterfall from a rock .
A man sits watching a waterfall .
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .
A woman sits staring at a waterfall .
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape .
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert .
A man hiking with a large backpack and two poles near a collection of pointy white rocks .
A man with a backpack looks upon white objects on the ground .
Person hiking up a rocky slope with white objects in front of them .
A girl in a short dress carrying a silver purse looks at food in a bakery .
A woman with a large silver bag stands at a food counter .
A woman with a silver bag buying food .
A woman with a silver handbag waits in line at the lunch counter .
A woman with a silver shoulderbag is looking in a grocery display case .
A man in bright shorts hits a volleyball in the sand .
A man in colourful shorts reaching up to hit a volleyball .
a man on the sand wearing blue , pink and yellow shorts.
A shirtless man in colorful shorts spikes a volleyball during a beach volleyball game .
The young man leaps to serve the volleyball on the beach .
people are getting ready to set sail on a boat.
People on a boat carrying equipment .
Three men prepare to set sail on a sailboat .
Three people are organizing diving equipment on the deck of a boat .
Three people riding on a blue and white boat .
A boy carries a boogieboard on the beach .
A boy is carrying a black body board across the sand .
A boy standing on a beach .
A kid in black carrying a cushion .
A young boy wearing a spider-patterned shirt on the sand .
A man is on the back of his friend .
a man jumps on another mans back .
The guys in white shirts horse around near a park .
Two men do trick in a park .
Two teenagers are playing wrestling game in the park .
A black man leans over as a white man jumps on his back backwards .
A man holding up another with his back .
A man in midair with his back touching that of another man hunched over.
one man in a hat flips over another mans back in the grass .
Two people play outdoors .
Two men dressed in street clothes horse around in front of a building .
Two men jump around together outside of a building .
Two men jumping outside on the grass .
Two young men goofing around on the grass in front the of union building .
Two young men in sportswear are running and jumping on the grass by a brick building .
A boy looks startled as he falls in the sand .
A boy recoils from the impact of sand onto his bare chest .
A young boy falls back with his mouth open when sand is falling on him .
a young boy getting some sand thrown on his chest .
The boy is playing in the sand .
A man grinding down a handrail .
A man is skating down a rail in front of a group of people .
In the far distance , a boy is sliding his skateboard down a handrail .
Some skateboarders on stairs .
The man is skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps .
An opposing wrestler is jumping off the top ropes onto another wrestler .
A wrestler is jumping off of the ring to hit his competitor .
A wrestler is ready to jump on another wrestler outside the ring .
One professional wrestler leaps onto another outside the ring .
Two men are wrestling .
A group of players chase a ball on a field .
A group of young men playing a field sport .
Three young men play hockey on green astro turf .
Three young men with lacrosse sticks are chasing the ball .
Young men from two Japanese-sponsored teams play a game of indoor field hockey .
A baby reaches for water dropping.
A small boy in the bath covered in soap suds .
A young toddler plays in the bathtub with bubbles and suds .
The smiling child has bubbles near their ear .
The toddler is splashing water in the tub with suds all over .
A group of bohemians stroll down the street , one with a shopping cart .
A group of four people prance away from the camera , one pushing a shopping cart and another leaping alongside .
A group of young people walk down a residential street , one pushing a grocery cart .
Four people walking down the street and one is trying to jump in a shopping cart .
Four young people walk down a sunny street , one pushing a shopping cart.
A dog plays in the water .
a dog runs through the water .
A dog swims in the water .
A tan dog splashes as he swims through the water .
the dog is somehow causing a wave in the water .
A white dog is on a large rocky surface at a high elevation .
A white dog is walking on a rocky hillside .
A white dog is walking on top of a mountain .
White dog on mountainside turns to face something offstage , sky in background .
White dog standing on rock in front of blue sky.
A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard .
Little boy doing tricks on a skateboard on the sidewalk .
The boy on a skateboard is jumping through the air .
There is a kid doing tricks on a skateboard in a rural area .
A man rides a silver and red motorcycle .
A motocross driver speeds by during a race .
A motorcycle racer in a soft turn on an HP branded motorcycle .
A person is riding a red motorcycle around a track .
A uniformed rider is riding an endorsement-covered motorcycle .
A cyclist sits on some steps with his bike .
A helmeted man sits on steps with graffiti on them , and a bike nearby .
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike .
A man with his bike amid a demolished building .
Man with a bike sitting next to rubble .
A collection of women sitting on the ground .
A group of women in native garb sit on the floor .
A woman with scarves in her head sits with 3 others staring at the camera with no expression .
Five people sitting down .
Woman with blue robe and headwear is sitting with other women .
A black dog runs across the water at a beach while another follows .
A pair of black dogs runs in the surf .
Dogs run in the surf .
The black dog is running through the water on the beach .
Two black dogs splash through the waves on a beach .
A boy skateboards off a ramp covered in graffiti .
A male skateboarder is skating in a vandalized skate park .
A man does a jump on a skateboard , surrounded by graffiti .
A man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs .
A skateboarder skates down stairs covered in graffiti .
A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open accross a field .
A brown and white dog running in a field covered in yellow flowers .
A dog running toward the camera in a field .
A while dog with a spot on his eye running through a meadow .
A white dog with a brown patch over his eye runs through a grassy field covered in dandelions .
A group of players on a team are posing together .
a soccer team poses for a picture .
A soccer team wearing red posing together .
A sports team poses on the field .
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background .
A group of women are standing in front of a building .
A woman in a white gown stands with other girls dressed up , one points across the street .
Five women in dresses , one holding a child , stand outside .
Four women and a bride stand on a street while one of them points at something in the distance .
Old lady with black dress and hat points out something to bride .
A girl in black hat holding an african american baby .
A lady with a black hat holds a little girl with a crown of flowers .
A woman holding a baby after a wedding.
A young woman holds a baby with flowers on its head .
The red hair woman wearing a black tartan hat holds a baby with flowers on her head .
A bunch of kids are climbing on a tree and hamming it up .
Children climb a tree .
Children posing in a tree.
Eight tan children making faces in a tree.
Several children are in a tree , laughing and with their hands on their chins .
a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background.
A man in orange pants is climbing on something .
A snowboarder jumps off an old , snow-covered building .
Someone is ski-ing off the top of some type of building .
The snowboarder is jumping from a snow covered height .
A man sits on a deck , taking a break from fishing .
A man sits on the edge of a brige , looking out , fishing poles behind him .
A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him .
Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles .
The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles .
A BMX biker riding down a muddy trail wearing protective gear .
A man in black wearing a helmet on a mountain bike travelling very fast .
A man rides his dirt bike through the woods .
A person wearing a helmet rides a dirty bike on a dirt path in the woods .
A rider on a dirt bike races through a forest .
a horses with five jockeys and five horses.
Horse jockeys racing on horses in a race .
Jockeys on horses race around a track .
Jockeys ride horses during a race .
The people are racing horses .
A woman and a young girl are standing together with arms outstretched .
A woman in a skirt and green t-shirt has her arm draped over the shoulder of a younger woman in a white skirt and orange t-shirt .
A woman with a green shirt and a woman with an orange shirt posing with outstretched arms.
Two girls are standing together , posing for a picture .
Two woman wearing skirts stand together and smile .
A jockey in yellow and a jockey in blue are racing their horses down a grassy raceway .
The jockey wearing a yellow hat edges out the jockey wearing blue .
two horses with riders , race along the track .
Two jockeys , one in yellow , one in blue , riding horses in a race .
Two jockeys race horses.
A biker in protective gear is riding through a countryside with cliffs .
Cyclist biking down a steep path .
Extreme downhill mountain biking .
The biker is riding down a grassy mountainside .
The man with the full face mask is riding down a grassy hill.
A man and two women are inside a greenhouse holding gardening tools .
People tend a greenhouse with garden tools .
Three people in a green house .
Three young adults work in a greenhouse.
Two women and a man smile at the camera with rakes in their hands standing in an unfinished greenhouse .
A couple in funny wigs pose for the camera .
A couple posing in wigs.
A man in blue and a woman in brown , with orange hair , are hugging .
A young man and woman hug while wearing wigs .
The woman in the orange wig poses with the man in the black wig .
A guy and white dog standing on grass .
A man and a woman walk their small dogs at an outdoor event .
A man is encouraging a small white dog to stand on its hind legs in a dog show .
At an outdoor dog show , a very small dog jumps on an older man .
Mutltiple people are walking small dogs near a tent .
A dog sits with a woman in an outdoor cafe .
a woman and her dog sitting at an outdoor cafe table.
People walk and sit to eat at an outside cafe where a dog is near a woman .
The dog begs for some food at a local restaurant .
Two pedestrians passing a restaurant look at the dog that is looking at them .
a boy in a blue t-shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboarding ramp.
A kid in a blue shirt and blue shoes attempts a trick on a skateboard above the lip of a bowl .
A skateboarder riding inside a swimming pool .
a young man wearing a blue shirt skateboarding on a graffitied wall.
A black and white dog jumping over a hurdle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle while a person runs beside it .
A dog leaps over a hurdle , followed by its trainer .
A woman in blue running next to a black and white dog as it jumps over an obstacle .
The dog attempts to leap over the post .
a band in the studio.
A group of musicians are recording music .
Three men posing with instruments .
Three musicians are posing for a photograph in a soundproof studio booth .
Three musicians in a recording studio .
A man in a wetsuit and helmet in front of a red wall .
A man in a wetsuit and helmet walks in front of a bright red building .
A man in scuba gear is walking .
A man is loaded up with gear to go diving into the ocean .
A man is walking past a red building while wearing specialized gear .
A white dog catches a green ball while standing in shallow water .
a white dog is jumping up out of the water to catch a ball .
A white dog jumps in the water to catch a tennis ball .
a white dog jumps out of the water to catch a ball .
A white dog jumps out of the water to catch a tennis ball .
a brown and white dog jumping over a red , yellow and white pole.
A dog is jumping over a gate .
A dog jumping over a hurdle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle .
Large brown dog jumps over red hurdle.
A man in blue pants and no shirt is doing a skateboard trick while another man films it .
A skateboarder completes a jump while another man records it .
A skateboarder does a trick on a ramp as another guy takes a picture .
A skateboarder is being photographed jumping off a step .
Two young men are skateboarding at a park near a large house .
Two small children play after a swim .
A young boy and a young girl in bathing suits .
Children in bathing suits play .
Two children in swimsuits are hugging each other.
Two kids in bathing suits hugging .
A dirt biker is riding through deep sand and dirt .
A guy on the motorcycle .
A person rides a motorbike in a motorcrossing event .
A person riding the number 157 dirt bike on a sandy track .
Man riding motorcycle through pile of dirt .
A night scene of a skateboarder on a ramp , with onlookers .
A skateboarder at night on a ramp .
A skateboarder jumping from a ramp .
One man is skateboarding in front of a crowd .
These skateboarders are attempting stunts at night .
A boy in a blue shirt is mountain biking on a track and catching air .
a lone bicyclist jumping a trick along a bike jumping path .
A man performs tricks on a dirt ramp on a green bike .
A person is in the air on a bike near a body of water .
A person on a bike rides through a dirt course near the water .
A horse and rider are jumping over a hurdle .
A horse rider on a brown horse jumping in midair over jump bars .
An equestrian clears a jump at a horse show .
A show jumper is clearing a white fence on his horse .
A woman in riding attire rides a jumping horse .
A man is standing on snow with trees and mountains all around him .
A man standing in snow with a mountain in the background.
A man standing near a mountain range.
A man stands on a snowy hill next to a mountain .
A man stands on snow and looks out at mountains and forests .
A girl stands with both hands up looking off at the setting sun and a sailboat .
A man is standing on the shore of the ocean posing like a bird .
A person 's image performing a yoga pose while looking at the sunset over the water .
A person watching the sunset over water raises her arms .
A woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .
A baby in a pool splashing water in the air .
A small baby boy sits in water with his hands up , splashing water droplets .
A toddler catches droplets of water as he sits in a shallow pool .
A young boy catching a stream of water .
Baby sitting in blue plastic pool while water drips onto its hands .
A person hits a yellow volleyball over the net to her opponent in a pool .
People are playing water volleyball .
Two people play water volleyball in a pool .
Two swimmers are playing a water sport with a yellow ball and a net .
Two swimmers in a pool play at a net with a water polo ball .
A girl has rested her bike by a bench so that she can eat and ice cream .
A girl is sitting on a bench eating ice cream with a bike next to her .
A girl with a hat is sitting outside on a table with a bike leaning against the table .
A little girl eats ice cream near her bike .
A young girl sits on a metal bench with her bike eating ice cream .
A child does a skateboard trick off a ramp .
A long haired , bearded young skateboarder does a stunt on a skateboarding surface .
A man skateboarding up a ramp .
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe .
A young man with long hair ramps his skateboard into the air .
A brown dog with a baseball in its mouth .
A dog holding a baseball in his mouth .
A dog with a baseball in his mouth .
The brown dog next to the swimming pool has a ball in its mouth .
The dog has a ball in its mouth .
A man and a woman wearing masks embrace at an outdoor festival .
A man and woman dressed up dance together outdoors .
two people acting out a scene in front of an audience .
Two people in masks dancing .
Two people in middle eastern garb embrace on a crowded lawn .
A dog is attempting a turn by a nearby picnic bench and metal object .
A white dog running next to a bench .
The big white dog is running in the grass .
The white dog is running around in the grass .
White dog with collar running in fenced in grassy area.
A boy wearing a white hat is running on the beach .
A child is walking through wet sand wearing a blue shirt .
A little kid wearing a hat is walking in the wet sand .
A small boy wearing a hat is standing in wet sand on a beach .
The child in the blue shirt is running through the sand .
A brown dog in a field .
A brown dog is staring into the distance while standing on dry grass .
a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field .
A brown dog stands in the dry long grass and looks to the right .
The brown dog is standing in a dry grass field .
a brown dog swimming through a lake with a stick in his mouth .
A brown dog swimming with a stick .
A dog holding a stick swims in the water .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A golden dog swims with a stick in its mouth.
A man dressed in black is surfing on a large blue wave .
A man rides a surfboard through rough white and blue water .
A surfer catches a nice wave in the ocean and tries to pull himself up .
A surfer is riding a wave .
A surfer rides the waves .
A large group of brighty clothed dancers taking photographs .
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers .
A man is having his picture taken in a courtyard with people in ornamental dress .
A man photographs costumed dancers .
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers .
A man on inline-skates at a skate park.
A man rollerblading on a ramp.
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp .
A young man does tricks on a ramp .
Fisheye view of a man in Rollerblades grinding at the top of a ramp .
A man jumps in the air while sky surfing .
A man performs a waterskiing stunt .
a parasailer jumping a trick high in the air at a lake .
A person on a wakeboard is high above the water with a crane in the background.
A waterskier high in the air above the green water .
A black and white dog is running along side a small brown or white dog in the grass .
A black dog chasing a brown one .
The dogs run in the green field .
Two dogs running through a field .
Two dogs run through a field .
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle .
a black and white dog jumping over a red , white and blue striped pole.
A dog is jumping over red , white , and blue hurdles .
A grey and white dog jumps over a bar during an obstacle course .
Large black and white dog jumping hurdle.
A group of dogs standing in a river .
a large group of dogs walking in a body of water .
Dogs play in creek .
Six dogs swimming in a river .
there are six dogs in the water.
A man in a pink shirt is standing in a basketball court holding a basketball .
A young adult male stands with a basketball on a court .
guy holding a basketball wearing red shirt black shorts with something on left leg.
Tall man in red and black stands outside holding basketball .
The man with the red shirt is holding a basketball and is in front of a basketball hoop .
People playing cricket in the park , pine trees in the back .
People playing cricket on a field .
Some adults play Cricket on a nice day .
Some men are playing cricket in front of a white building .
The men stand together out on the lawn .
A brown dog chases another brown dog who has a green ball .
Two black dogs are running in the grass , one has a green ball in his mouth .
Two brown dogs are playing with a green toy on grass .
Two brown dogs run through a field .
Two brown dogs run together .
A child with a pink headband and blue shirt smiling .
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing.
A young girl is wearing a purple shirt and pink headband .
A young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods .
Smiling young girl wearing pink headband and lavender shirt.
A blond and a red haired woman sitting and having a drink together .
Two women are sitting down drinking a bottled beverage .
Two women drink from green bottles .
Two women drinking from green bottles as they sit .
Two women drink whilst sitting below a platform .
a dog jumps over another dog as both animals are trying to catch the same ball .
Two black and white dogs playing with a ball .
Two dogs playing , one dog is jumping in the air above the second dog .
two terriers jumping after a tennis ball in a park.
Two white and black dogs play and jump in a fenced area .
A group of people playing guitars and singing .
A group of people play instruments and sing .
Girl with guitar singing with three other people.
There is a group of three women and one man singing while one of the woman plays a guitar .
Three woman and a man sing their hearts out in the microphone .
A crowd of people are walking down a city street .
A group a people walk around the corner near a brick building .
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building .
People gather together outdoors .
The people walk near a brick building .
A blond girl rides the waves .
A person in a black wetsuit is surfing a small wave on a beige surfboard .
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave .
Person surfboards on a wave .
The lady is surfing and riding a wave .
A little boy playing with two rubber chickens .
A toddler holds a rubber chicken suspended in air.
a young redheaded boy walking in the grass .
Small child holding onto hanging rubber chickens .
The boy is holding on to a rubber chicken with eight balls on its feet.
A man dressed in white runs away from two men chasing him dressed in black .
A man holding flowers runs from two policeman .
A man in white flees men dressed as law enforcement agents .
A man in white runs while two officers follow .
Men in black chasing man in white .
A woman is laughing while playing guitar .
A woman with a guitar smiles in front of a microphone .
Two smiling women in costumes standing in front of a microphone .
Two women are smiling next to a microphone on a stage .
Two women stand at a microphone , and one has a guitar .
a band performs .
A blonde woman stands behind a microphone .
An old woman singing and playing music .
A woman playing guitar and singing in the foreground and three others performing behind her .
A woman singing and playing an acoustic guitar and three people accompanying her .
A black dog is in action on a grassy area .
A black dog is jumping up on its back legs while standing on the grass .
a black lab jumps into the air .
A dog rears up on its hind legs in a yard .
The black dog is pouncing on something in the yard .
A man holding a trophy after a race .
A man in a yellow cap is holding up a silver trophy .
A race car driver is holding a trophy .
A winner gets a trophy .
Man in yellow hat holding up trophy.
A backlit skateboarder ollies over a parking cone .
A boy does skateboard tricks at sundown .
A man on a skateboard jumping an orange cone .
A silhouette of a skateboarder in the air .
A skateboarder in silhouette jumps over an orange traffic cone .
A black dog pulling a green rope.
a black dog pulling on a green rope in the grass.
A black dog tugs on a rope .
A dog pulling a rope .
The black dog is tugging at a green rope .
a group of people wear black tophats .
A group of people , most of them wearing hats , are standing around .
A man wearing a black hat is smiling on a street as other men and woman walk past .
Men in black hats are standing in a crowd of people .
Men wearing hats walk on the street .
Boy pulls other boy over back .
One boy hoists another boy up on his back .
One child lifts another on his back , inside a room .
The boy in the gray shirt is holding the boy in the red shirt on his back .
Two boys are back to back as one holds up the other .
Three dogs are running in the water on the beach .
Three dogs entering the ocean .
Three dogs rush to chase a ball thrown into the surf .
Three dogs walking away on the waters edge of the shore .
Three large dogs are playing in the water at the beach .
A woman in a black shirt and white headband stretches in the sunset .
A woman stands with her arms in the air near the water at sunset .
A woman stretches by the ocean at sunrise .
Woman stretching on a beach at sunset .
Young woman lifts arms in shadow , ocean and sunset in background .
The children are on a tire swing .
Three children play in a large bowl shaped swing .
Three children ride on a round swing while another watches from the grass .
Three children riding on a large swing .
Three smiling children swing in a tire swing at a playground .
The brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow .
Two dark colored dogs are walking through the grass both holding a large stick .
Two dogs retreiving a large stick of wood.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation .
Two dogs walking through tall grass carrying a tree branch in their mouths .
a baseball player just taking a swing at a stadium .
A baseball player swings the bat as a catcher and umpire watch .
A batsman is about to swing for a baseball whilst the catcher and referee wait behind him .
An ump in black watches a baseball game .
The baseball player takes a swing .
a group of people are holding a metal frame over a wooden floor .
A group of people working together with a star-shaped looking metal frame .
A woman in white directs a group of young people making a pattern with sticks .
There are several people gathered around a stick or metal frame .
Woman is showing a large Star of David to young students .
A girl plays T-ball .
A little girl about to hit a baseball off a tee.
A little girl in a pink shirt takes a swing at a t-ball .
A little girl is swinging at a baseball .
A young girl in a pink shirt gets ready to swing bat at a tee ball game.
A man sits next to a woman on a bus .
The back of two people sitting on one seat in a bus .
Two people are sitting on a tram during the nighttime .
Two people are sitting on the bus at nighttime .
two people being photographed from behind sitting on a bus.
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean .
A surfer going through a wave .
A surfer in water and foam .
A surfer rides the crashing waves .
The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board .
a group of several people sitting on the floor inside of a building.
A group of anime cosplayers sitting in a hall .
A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school .
People wearing costumes wait in a room .
The actors wait inside the doors .
a dirt biker clears a jump .
Dirt bikers traverse a series of jumps .
Dirt bikes get airborne at a racetrack .
The motorcyclist race on the course .
Two people on dirt bikes jumping dirt ramps with several people in the background .
A person hangs from ropes high in the air next to a building .
A person is flying in the air with a building to the left of him .
A person suspended by a bungee cord jumps off a building .
A skydiver flies through the air near a tall building .
The bungee jumper jumps off a tall building .
A group of men with shovels are digging in salt .
Four men shovel what looks like sand .
Men shovel snow while wearing shorts .
Men with shovels shoveling white sand .
These four men , two shirtless , are shoveling sand .
A sports team is lined up outside .
Two African soccer teams posing for a picture .
Two soccer teams posing .
Two teams line up either side of a pylon , on a barren playing field.
Two teams stand in a line on a field .
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket .
A brown dog is laying down whilst wearing a superman shirt .
A dog in a " superman " shirt sleeps on a blanket .
A dog wearing a t-shirt is lying down .
The brown dog with a superman shirt on sleeps on a blue blanket .
An older man sits and several people stand .
An old man in a hat sits and looks straight ahead .
An old man looks at people shopping .
an old man wearing a hat sitting staring off into the distance .
This is a profile shot of an old man in a newspaper boy hat with people blurred out in the background .
A crowd of people with a lady with a bright orange shirt and another lady in black have their backs to the camera .
a large group of people doing varied activities .
A woman in a black tank top and a man in an orange shirt sit their backs to the camera .
The back view of a woman in a colorful shirt sitting next to a woman in a black top .
Two women with backs to the camera .
A man rides his bike on the side of a rocky hill .
A person in a black backpack biking on a rocky path .
A person in purple shorts riding a bike up a mountain .
Mountain biker approaching a cliffside vista.
This person is riding a BMX bike on a clifftop .
A bicyclist doing a jump .
a lone bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a graffitied concrete ramp .
A man performs a trick on a yellow bike in a skate park covered in graffiti .
A trials biker doing a trick in the air .
The bicyclist has both wheels off the ground .
A large brown dog relaxes in a green , grassy field while a smaller light brown dog walks on .
a large brown dog sits next to a small white dog in a field of long grass .
A large dog lying in the grass with a smaller dog next to him .
Two dogs are sitting together in a wheat field .
Two dogs laying together in grass.
A curly haired woman in a plaid outfit taking a picture .
A woman taking a picture with a large professional camera .
A woman using a large camera while standing in the street .
A woman with a camera with a very long lens takes a picture .
Woman with curly red hair using a telescope on the street .
children smiling with facepaintings.
Three children are wearing face paint and smiling .
Three children wearing face paint pose together .
Three children with animal face pain at outdoor event .
Three kids that have their faces painted.
A child dressed in a white coat paints an image on the paper laying on the table .
A child paints with different colors using brushes .
A small child fingerpaints.
A small child wearing a white hat reaches for a paintbrush .
The little girl with the white hat and white shirt is painting .
A man rides his blue bike high in the air over a park .
a man wearing blue and riding a blue bike jumping in midair.
Someone is airborne on a turquoise bicycle .
The boy is doing a stunt , through the air , on his bicycle .
The man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle .
Three women dance before a flag .
Three women dancing in robes .
Three women in dresses dancing .
Three women in saris dance near a large flag .
Three women wearing saris are dancing in front of a flag that is hanging on a wall .
Four boys are outside at a playground with a green and yellow ball .
Four boys kneeling next to each other with a ball in front of them .
four boys on a black top with a green and yellow basketball .
Four young boys pose with a green soccer ball in a park .
There are four smiling boys with smiles on a playground with their ball .
The three field hockey players are all chasing the ball .
Three men in uniforms are playing cricket on a field .
Three men participating in a competitive field hockey game .
Three people are chasing a ball in a field hockey game .
Two male athletes wearing the same uniforms are playing against another male athlete on the opposing team .
A boy flipping off a skateboard going down a flight of stairs.
A skateboarder leaps over stairs in a city .
Boy jumping off skateboard as it goes down the stairs .
Skateboarding on stairs , with open air trick .
The skateboarder does a jump down stairs .
A girl bends down to paint something underneath her .
A girl is holding a paint brush in a plastic cup and painting the ground .
a girl paints the road .
A little girl painting the sidwalk white .
A little girl paints the ground white outside .
A baseball is being thrown at a volleyball net .
A boy whose head has been replaced by a baseball .
A Child hits a baseball into a net .
A child is throwing a baseball into a net .
A young boy with a baseball obscuring his face through a net .
A girl in hot pink leotard is leaping through the air .
A gymnast vaults through the air .
a young girl wearing a pink leotard jump in midair.
Group of gymnast look on as a girl in a red bodysuit completes a stunt .
The gymnast is wearing a red outfit and jumping .
A person doing the backstroke in an outdoor pool .
A person swimming in a pool next to some chairs and a table .
A swimmer doing backstrokes in a pool.
Person doing backstroke in pool.
The person is swimming on their back in a pool .
A man has his hands up while standing next to another man with a drink .
A young man stands in a crowd beside another young man holding a beverage can .
The man wearing the brown jacket is holding a cigarette and the man behind him is holding a can of beer .
Two young men are at a party .
Two young men are posing for the camera .
A man and two little boys walk around the outside of what appears to be some kind of store .
Children walk in the city .
kids straggle behind father in graffiti covered alleyway.
Two children follow a man down a city street .
Two kids and a man are walking by a poorly put together shack .
Men play baseball .
Teenagers playing baseball .
The baseball player is catching a ball on the field .
There is a baseball player in a yellow shirt running midfield .
Two guys playing baseball .
A couple stands close at the water 's edge .
The two people stand by a body of water and in front of bushes in fall .
Two people hold each other near a pond .
Two people stand by the water .
Two people stand together on the edge of the water on the grass .
A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game .
A young baseball player sliding into a base while a dust cloud rises and the other team moves around him .
Boys playing baseball , cars parked in the background .
Five little boys are playing baseball .
Kids playing ball in the park .
A little girl is looking at the two horses on the other side of the fence .
A small child staring at a horse and a pony .
Two horses are looking at a small child .
Two horses look over a fence at a child wearing a red sweatshirt .
Two horse stare at a young child with crumbling structures nearby .
A man doing a trick on a skateboard .
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard in a covered area .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
A young boy playing on his skateboard on a patio of an interesting building , while two people are sitting in chairs in the background .
Man doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch .
A bunch of people standing next to a car with its trunk open .
A crowd of people stand on a rural road , a field behind them , a forest in front .
A group of people are standing behind a small hatchback vehicle out in the country .
A group of people gather on a gravel road near a car .
Many people are standing outside of a car on a rural road .
A boy jumps over a red and black rope at a crowded park .
A man dressed and a black shirt and pants is high jumping over a red and black pole .
A man wearing black jumps over a red and black striped pole .
A young man is jumping over a long pole at a skate park .
Man in black jumps over a rope as crowd looks on .
A person is being swept to the ground by waves .
A person wipes out in the water .
A wave in the ocean crashes over a woman .
A woman has been knocked down by strong waves in the ocean.
Someone with a wave rolling over them .
A pet dog , standing on bank is looking at another brown dog inside a pond .
A pug stands on the bank of a pond while a larger dog stands in the water .
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond .
One dog wades in the water while another dog is on land .
Two dogs wade in water by green vegetation .
A man holding up a big , yellow tent .
A man holding up a yellow tent .
A man holds a tent on a mountain campsite .
A person is picking up a yellow tent by his or herself in the great outdoors .
The man holds his tent up over his head .
A boy in a swing .
A boy swings on a swing set .
A child at the height of a swing .
A young boy swinging on a swing .
A young boy swings in the air .
A man swings a golf club while the person to his left waves an arm .
Man teeing off on a golf course with a large building in the background .
Two men are standing on a golf course with a large , ornate building in the background .
Two people are on a golf course playing golf .
Two people are playing golf on a golf course .
Two bald drag queens in red dresses.
Two bald ladies are wearing red dresses .
Two bald ladies in red dresses and matching jewelry laugh .
Two bald people in red clothes.
Two formally dressed , bald older women.
A girl in a pink tank top is sliding on a ledge on a skateboard .
A young woman wearing a pink tank top jumps on her skateboard .
Girl in pink tank top grinds on a rail with a skateboard.
The girl in the pink top is riding a skateboard along a white wall .
Young woman in pink does skateboarding figure .
A brown and white dog is jumping through a red hoop .
a brown and white dog is leaping through a red hoop on a training circuit .
A dog is jumping through a red hoop.
A dog jumping through a hoop .
The collie dog is leaping through a red ring .
A mother and daughter pose in front of a waterfall .
A woman and a child are sitting on a log and stone fence with a waterfall in the background .
A woman and a girl sitting on a fence in front of a waterfall.
A woman and her daughter in front of a waterfall.
A woman is sitting with a girl on a fence in front of a waterfall .
Two girls point to a round silver mirror on the wall .
Two woman point at a mirror that is curved like a ball .
Two women , one with a camera , reach out and touch a mirrored ball .
Two women point to a silver object and take a picture of it .
Two women take a digital photo of a mirrored sphere .
A man in a straw hat and overalls is with a friend outdoors .
A man with overalls and a hat standing next to another man .
Man in hat and overalls with no shirt standing with man in striped shirt.
The man in the striped shirt and the man in the hat are posing for the camera .
Two men posing for the camera , one in overalls , nearby a crowd of people .
A girl slides down a purple slide .
A little girl is sliding down a purple slide .
A little girl in a red shirt going down a purple slide .
A small child slides down a purple slide .
A smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first .
A bridal party poses for a picture .
A wedding party stands in the church getting their picture taken .
a wedding photo of ten people with big smiles wearing black and white outfits.
The bridal party poses with the bride and groom , all wearing black except for the bride .
The bride in the white dress is surrounded by the groomsmen and bridesmaids , all in black .
A bride in a white dress is holding a purple bouquet whilst standing next to her groom .
A couple pose on their wedding day .
A man and woman in a dark suit and formal white dress smile for a picture .
A wedding photo of a bride with purple flowers and her groom .
A young couple in wedding outfits poses for a picture .
A couple in wedding outfits watch the sea from behind a wooden railing .
A man and a woman in wedding clothes look out toward the water .
A woman in a long white bridal gown and a man in a black suit are standing at a rail looking at the ocean .
A woman in a white wedding gown with gold trim standing with a man in a black suit .
The groom stands at a railing by the sea with his arm around the bride .
A man in a cowboy hat sits on bleachers near the water and plays guitar .
A man plays a guitar while sitting on bleachers in front of a lake .
A man plays guitar on waterside bleachers .
An adult and a child on bleachers near the water .
Man sitting on bleachers wearing a white cowboy hat and playing a guitar.
Two boys are sitting in front of a structure eating Popsicles .
Two boys eating popscicles outside .
Two boys sitting and eating ice cream .
Two little boys are sitting on a step eating ice lollipops .
Two young boys eating red and blue popcycles .
A black dog running in shallow water on a beach .
A black dog runs into the water at the beach .
a black dog runs through the water .
A dog running in the surf .
The dog is playing in the water .
A float depicting religious imagery .
A religious float is surrounded by people at a street festival .
People standing around a monument depicting the crucifixion of Jesus Christ .
Several people stand around an elaborate image of the crucified Jesus on a city street .
The elaborate Jesus shrine is being carried in a parade .
A group of men carry a silver coffin .
Men carry a small structure on their shoulders while others play instruments behind .
Men in blue carrying something on their shoulders followed by a band .
Pall bearers at a catholic funeral .
The men are wearing purple and carrying a silver casket .
A smiling young brunette woman carries a black video camera in her hand .
A smiling young woman holds a video camera and walks through a park .
A white woman holding a Panasonic video camera in a park .
A woman holding a video camera .
A young woman is standing on the grass with a video camcorder in her hand.
A surfboarder catches the waves .
A surfer in a green striped wetsuit rides a wave .
a surfer is riding the waves whilst another surfer sits on his board waiting .
A surfer wearing a black and green wetsuit riding a wave .
The surfer is riding the wave .
A person is doing a jump with a skateboard on a ramp .
A skateboarder does an ollie off a black ramp near a colorfully painted building .
A skateboarder in the air at a brightly colored ramp .
Skateboarder does a trick on a ramp in front of a graffiti scene .
The skateboarder is riding the ramp next to the very big painting .
A man doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard ramp.
A man in a red shirt make a skateboard jump on a ramp with graffiti .
a skateboarder is performing stunt on a graffiti covered skateboard ramp .
A skateboarder on a ramp .
Man skateboarding off of a ramp .
A girl crouched up over a swing at the park , spinning around .
A girl is kneeling on a swing at the park .
A girl with a red shirt and long brown hair is laying across a twisted swing with sand underneath .
A young girl in a red shirt swings face down on the swings .
Girl is playing at park on a swing .
A bicyclist flies through the air as he encounters a tree in his path .
A bicyclist is jumping over a large object .
A man on a bike is jumping off a dirt ramp .
A man wearing a light brown shirt is riding a dirt bike in the woods .
A mountain biker is jumping his bike over a tree stump in the woods .
a.
A man dressed in a suit surrounded by formally dressed women with flowers.
A man posing with four girls in formal attire , probably at a wedding .
Four bridesmaids posing dramatically with the groom .
Groom posing with bridesmaids .
A girl in a red polka dot dress and red headband playing with a pink handheld game.
A girl in red and white plays with a purple toy .
A girl with a camera , looking at the screen .
A girl with a red headband is holding pink camera .
One young girl dressed in red polka dot outfit plays with toy .
A guy walking his four dogs .
A person walks four dogs on leashes in a parking lot .
a woman walks four dogs .
Man walking four dogs .
The man is walking the dogs .
A brown dog is walking in the river with a yellow ring in its mouth .
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river .
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water .
Grey dog in a stream surrounded by trees and shrubs .
The dog runs through the water while holding a yellow ring .
A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean .
A man parasails in the choppy water .
A man wakeboards on choppy water .
A man windsurfs in a wetsuit .
A windsurfer is balancing on choppy water .
Two fashionably dressed young ladies sit back to back on a wall in a city park watching people around them .
Two girls sit back to back .
Two women pose back-to-back in front of a high-rise building .
Two women sit back to back on a wall .
Two women sitting back to back outise an office area .
A man playing a sport in a green uniform holding a paddle over his head .
A man runs after a cricket ball on a grass field .
a person playing cricket in an all green outfit.
A person plays cricket while being watched by a crowd .
A sports player in a green uniform .
A dog is chasing another dog carrying a toy .
A dog runs down a beach holding a yellow toy while another chases it .
a dog with a yellow toy is being chased by another dog.
One dog is chasing another dog that is carrying something in its mouth along the beach .
One white and tan dog is chasing another white and brown dog who has a toy in its mouth .
A black dog on a rocky beach .
A black dog walks along an ocean front .
A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks .
a black dog walks on the sand .
Black dog walking on the beach after swimming in the ocean .
A four wheel drive car is navigating along a rocky off road trail .
A jeep sidewalks on some rocks .
A red jeep hangs from the edge of a rocky cliff as a girl looks on .
A red truck is driving over a rocky surface .
A woman stands next to a red SUV that has run off into a ditch .
A boy laying on a sitting swing , face down , wearing a hat backwards .
a boy laying on his stomach , on a swing.
a boy plays on the swing .
A child in sunglasses lays on his belly on a red swing set .
A young boy plays on a swing .
A large yellow dog and a small white dog in the grass .
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass .
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass .
The large brown dog faces the little white dog on the grass .
Two dogs playing in a yard .
A team of four judges rates a competition .
Four judges are sitting at a table with the center left one speaking .
Four people are sitting at a table , with microphones and bottles of water in front of them .
Man in red shirt speaks into microphone.
The gentleman is speaking while the others are listening .
A lady speaking in a microphone and another taking notes .
a man wearing black , speaks into a microphone , while a woman writes .
Lady talks on microphone while sitting down .
Two women are sitting at a table with a microphone .
Women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing .
A group of four men sits at a table on a platform before an audience in a darkened room .
A group of people sit on a panel on a stage with a crowd watching .
Four people are sitting at a table in front of an audience .
Four people sitting behind a table .
Several people sit at a lit table in front of a crowd.
a blond girl and brunette brown hanging by gymnastic ropes.
Kids practicing karate with harnesses to aid in balance.
People dangling from straps kicking at each other.
Two children kick each other while being suspended from the ceiling .
Two children play while being suspended in harnesses .
A diver midair against an urban background .
A girl is jumping off a high dive in an urban setting .
A man is bouncing on a trampoline next to tall buildings and a church .
A person in a swimsuit is diving off a building .
A person is performing a diving stunt off a tall building .
A guy is doing a skateboard trick in the city .
A man does a trick on his skateboard in an urban setting .
A man flips his skateboard in midair above the concrete ground .
A skateboarder doing a jump near some apartment buildings .
This rooftop skateboarder flies high doing a trick to impress his friend .
A child wearing a helmet riding a mountain bike very fast through a forest .
A cyclist streaks through the trees .
A person wearing a red helmet riding a white bike .
A person wearing a red helmet and yellow and white clothing is riding a bike outside in a wooded area .
The BMX biker rides through the forest .
A black and brown dog pokes his head above the white farm animals .
A brown and black dog watches over a heard of animals .
A dog looking over the backs of sheep .
A dog 's head over the backs of some white animals .
Black dog amid white animals in the field .
A green motorcycle is being jumped over a line of ten green motorcycles .
A man in green jumps serveral motorbikes on his own motorbike .
A man riding a green motorcycle jumping nine other green motorcycles .
A motorcyclist dressed in green with a green motorcycle is jumping over a row of green motorcycles.
a motorcyclist wearing a green shirt on a green bike jumping over a row of other green bikes .
A group of 10 men and women standing in a line in a yard in front of a tree.
a group of adults are standing under a tree in front of a red brick house .
A group of older men and women pose for a picture outside of a building .
A large group posing for a photo on a lawn .
The group of adults take a picture under the tree .
A group of children and their gaurdian walk on the boardwalk and eat ice cream .
A woman and children with their ice cream cones .
A woman with four children are eating ice cream cones .
Family enjoying ice cream on the boardwalk .
The woman is walking with her children all holding ice cream cones .
A man performing a skateboard trick on a skateboard ramp .
A man wearing a red shirt is skateboarding up a ramp that is covered in graffiti .
A skateboarder does a turn at the top of a half-pipe covered in graffiti .
A young man in a red shirt and jeans skateboards over a graffiti-strewn background .
Skateboarder in a red shirt grinding along the edge of a concrete ramp .
A girl playing softball slides into home plate.
A girl slides in for a homerun .
A runner is safe at home plate at a youth softball game .
Two girls are playing softball and one is sliding to the home plate .
Two girls play softball , one slides into plate as other fails to catch ball .
a boy throws leaves into the air .
A child looks at leaves blowing in the wind in the woods.
A small , young boy wearing a white shirt is playing with fallen leaves outside .
Boy playing with leaves in the woods .
Young boy plays with leaves in a green wooded area.
a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
A dog is running awkwardly .
A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
A woman and three children .
A woman and three kids play at a park .
A woman is playing with two children on a seesaw in a playground .
a woman playing with two young boys at a park.
Woman on four way seesaw with 2 kids .
A skateboarder in flannel rides his skateboard to the top of a ramp .
A young man does a trick on his skateboard on a slope .
A young man does skateboard tricks on a ramp .
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp .
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park .
A boy doing a skateboard trick off of a flight of stairs while people watch .
A group of boys watch a skateboarder jump a distant staircase .
a skateboarder jumps the stairs .
Several people watching as a skateboarder leaps down a flight of stairs .
Spectators watch as a skateboarder does tricks .
A dog jumps of a surfboard.
A dog splashes through the water .
A dog swims in the ocean with a surfboard .
A golden retriever jumping from a board on an ocean beach .
A golden retriever jumps off of a blue surfboard in the water .
A girl holding a camera .
A little girl in a pink , floppy hat takes a photograph with a big camera .
A little girl in a pink hat holds a camera to her face .
a young girl wearing a pink hat holding a camera up to her face .
Young girl in pink hat taking pictures .
A group of guys are playing soccer on the beach .
Men playing soccer on red sand .
Several people on a beach , and a ball .
They are playing with a soccer ball on the beach .
Two young men play soccer on the beach .
Two males are playing field hockey , one with a blue stick , one with a gold stick ,.
Two men are playing in a sports game together .
Two men playing a game with some sort of sticks .
Two men playing a sport are fighting for a ball .
Two players battle for the ball in field hockey .
A girl is wearing a large blue and red hat .
a girl wearing a british flag decorated hat sitting on the concrete.
A woman sits with wearing a union jack novelty hat .
A woman with a tall , red , white , and blue hat sits on the ground .
Girl with a large hat with the British flag on it .
A man in uniform wears a helmet with chin strap and red top .
a military guard is wearing a ceremonial gold helmet and is holding a sword .
The guard is wearing a helmet with a red tassel .
The stands at attention with a stoic face .
Young man in gold helmet with red fringe.
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water .
A white and tan dog walks on rippled sand on the beach .
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters .
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water .
The white dog with brown spots is walking through shallow water .
A Pug dog is standing up on two legs looking over a stone wall .
A white dog on a green leash is standing on its hind legs to look over a stone wall .
Dog on a leash looking over a stone wall.
The leashed dog is looking over the stone wall .
The white dog is standing on its hind legs , looking over a ledge .
a closeup view of a cyclist riding on a bike.
A cyclist leaning forward as he pedals his bike .
A man rides a bike in the woods .
Closeup perspective of a bicycle wheel being ridden by someone.
Man riding bike in forest.
A dog is jumping in the air with flowers in his mouth on a very windy day .
A small , wet dog leaps to catch a stick .
A wet dog catches seaweed in his mouth .
A white and brown dog is playing in the dirt with a toy .
The dog takes a leap on the beach to retrieve an unknown item .
A man and a woman are dressed up as ghost busters on a city street .
People in Ghostbusters outfits stand on a sidewalk .
three ghostbuster impersonators.
Three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture .
Two people dressed up like the Ghostbusters standing on the sidewalk .
A brown dog and a tan dog run on a beach .
Dogs chase each other through water .
The black dog and the brown dog are on the ground .
Two dogs play in shallow water .
two dogs running on the beach.
A pair of boots are worn by a woman wearing orange tights .
A person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass .
A person with torn orange leggings and black boots is sitting nearby a large crowd of people .
Someone sits with orange and black tights at an outdoor performance .
The person wearing orange and black ripped up tights lounges in the grass .
A group of people are rafting on river rapids .
A group of people white water raft on very choppy water .
A raft is being paddled through a white water river .
People are river rafting .
People white water rafting .
A man and a woman looking over a railing .
The two women are looking at mountains at a fence .
Two people look at a view .
Two people take in the view from behind a fence .
Two women standing in front of a fence looking at mountains .
A black and brown dog with a tan dog on a cement path in front of grass.
A black dog and a yellow dog are walking on asphalt next to a field of grass .
A blurry photo of two dogs .
a white dog is running behind a black dog on a paved path by some grass .
Two dogs walk along a path beside the grass .
A woman applies face paint while a boy with a Mohawk holds a mirror .
A woman painting her face while a child with a Mohawk holds a mirror .
A woman painting on makeup .
A woman paints her face while a boy with a Mohawk holds her mirror .
Child with Mohawk haircut holding mirror for woman putting on face paint .
A boy jumps .
A boy raises his arms amongst a crowd of people who are not in focus .
A boy surrounded by people who seem to swirl around him .
A boy with a red shirt waves his arms in the air as he looks at another person .
The boy in the purple shirt and green jacket stands in the crowd whilst raising his hands in the air .
A guy jumps off of rocks into the water .
A man is jumping over the rocks , and towards the water .
A man jumping near rocks and a body of water .
a man jumping off a rocky cliff into the ocean.
The man is jumping into the water .
Dogs running through snow .
The dog is chasing the other dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
The dogs play in the snow .
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow .
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow .
A blue building has smoke pouring out while a firetruck sits in front of it .
A blue building on fire with black smoke pouring out with a firetruck on the scene .
A large blue building has black smoke billowing out and a fire engine sits in front .
A man runs as a firetruck arrives to a fire .
A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it .
A person wearing a red jacket holds a beer while a man in a white shirt follows .
A woman holding a cup of beer and a man walking down the sidewalk .
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white .
A woman with a beverage and a guy walking behind her .
The woman wearing a red jacket is holding a glass and she is in front of the man in a white t-shirt .
A boy in a green shirt is riding his skateboard in a park while three boys watch .
A boy on a skateboard at a skate park .
A boy rollerskating in the street .
A child in a helmet plays on a skateboard by a playground .
A young man is skating in a skate park .
A family watches as a little girl blows out the candles on her third birthday.
a little girl blows out her candles .
A little girl blows out the candles on her cake .
The girl is blowing out the candles on the chocolate cake .
Two girls look on at birthday girl blowing out candles as mother stands by.
A number of people ascending a zig-zag ramp with bright blue railings .
People are walking up a zigzag patterned ramp in front of a building .
People are walking up a blue railed walk-way .
Several people walking up a ramp with a blue handrail .
Six people are walking up a blue ramp.
A woman riding a horse in a show jumping competition .
The horse and rider are jumping over a fence .
The horse and rider are jumping over a white fence .
The horseback rider and her horse are jumping rails .
Women on horse jumping over gate .
A brown dog and a white dog run along an ocean shoreline.
A white dog and a brown dog run alongside each other at the beach .
Two dogs are running on a beach .
Two dogs chase along the beach .
Two dogs one white and one brown are running together on a beach .
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers .
a dog runs through the long grass .
A golden retriever runs through a field of yellow flowers .
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers .
White dog running through a field of yellow flowers .
A few young boys throwing a football over a volleyball net .
Boys are throwing a football on the beach .
The children are playing a game , with a volleyball net and a football , on the beach .
three boys play volleyball on a busy beach .
three boys play with a football near a volleyball net at the beach .
A naked cyclist in body paint rides at a fair .
A naked girl covered in painted flower designs riding a bicycle .
A naked woman wearing body paint riding a bicycle .
A painted woman rides a bike in public .
A young naked lady in body paint rides a bike through a street festival .
Two dogs playing in the water .
Two dogs playing in the water , one is bounding at the other .
Two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .
Two white dogs are splashing around in white waves .
Two white , long-haired dogs playing in the ocean.
A dog and woman at a dog agility course.
A woman guides a dog through an obstacle course .
A woman plays with her dog on an obstacle course .
There are four people and a dog jumping through a black , yellow , and white hole .
The woman is training her dog to jump through hoops using training equipment .
A black dog has just jumped into a swimming pool .
a black dog swimming through a pool .
A black dog swims in a large pool .
A dog in a pool .
A small dog swims in a pool .
A lady walks behind a wheelchair while another lady walks behind her .
An elderly woman in a crowd pushing a wheelchair .
An elderly woman pushing a stroller.
A woman in a white coat pushes a cart .
A woman wearing a white coat pushes a wheelchair through a crowd .
A man chains his bike to a rack while a woman in black and red walks .
Several people , one being a woman in a black dress , are outside , near a bike rack .
The woman wearing a red bow walks past a bicycle .
Woman in a black dress walking on the street .
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street .
A few puppies get washed in the tub .
Small puppies in bathtub being given a shower with handheld showerhead.
Three puppies are in a bathtub getting sprayed with water from a showerhead .
Three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person .
Three white puppies are being washed in a bathtub with hand held shower .
A pelican in mid-flight above a group of pelicans .
Birds flocking by the water 's edge .
Large birds standing on the edge of a body of water while one in the middle is coming down for a landing .
One bird is landing on the shore near many other birds .
There are several pelicans and one is flying .
A little girl standing on a sandy hill on a beach .
A small child turns to look as she walks down a sandy path .
A young blonde girl stands on a beach .
A young girl is walking down a sandy path by a large body of water .
A young girl stands on the sand by a shore .
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy .
A dark colored animal splashes in the water .
A dog fetching a stick in the water .
Someone splashing in the water .
The dog is swimming in the water .
A girl hangs over the seat of a swing in a playground .
A girl in a red shirt is swinging on her stomach .
A girl in red rides on her stomach in a playground swing above a sandy surface .
A girl is playing on a swing .
A little girl in red is swinging on her stomach on a playground swing .
A black dog is biting the neck of a brown dog.
A dog bites another dog 's neck .
The black and brown dog with a red collar bites the brown dog .
Two dogs play with each other outside .
Two dogs wrestle outdoors .
A child at a water park is sprayed from all sides by a ring of water .
A child in a pink and black bathing suit walks through water mist from colored rings .
A young girl stands under three large rings that shoot water in a water park .
Colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit .
The little girl in her bathing suit stands near the sprinkers and squeals .
A hiker posing on a cliff high in the mountains .
A man sitting at the top of a mountain .
A person wearing a hat and glasses sits on a cliff and smiles .
A woman sitting on a high cliff.
The hiker poses for a photo is the beautiful mountains .
A mountain biker does a trick on a forest path .
A person does a jump on a bike in a natural setting .
A person is doing a bicycle trick over the rocks while a bystander gives a thumbs up .
A person is jumping with a bicycle over dirt hills.
A person on a unicycle jumping down the path in a beautiful area surrounded by shrubbery .
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field .
A black dog is running through the snow with something in its mouth .
A black dog retrieves in the snow .
A black lab in the snow is holding something in its mouth .
the black dog carries an object in the snow .
A brown horse is in a wierd pose while galloping outside .
A brown horse jumps through its paddock .
A horse bucking wildly.
A large brown horse is running in a grassy area .
Rear end view of a galloping horse out in the field .
A boy in a swimsuit jumping into water .
A boy in blue camo pants jumping into water .
A boy is about to jump into the water .
A boy jumps into the water at a beach .
A young man leaps into the water .
A bicyclist performing a trick over a heavily graffitied wall .
a biker performs a trick in the air .
A boy on a bike jumping .
A cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle .
A man in black is on a blue trimmed bicycle in front of a playground .
A baby is playing in a walker .
A laughing baby in a walker .
A young asian boy enjoys his toy .
The baby is smiling whilst sitting in a high chair with a red white and blue toy .
There is a little child sitting in a little chair playing with a toy .
a woman in green pants sits next to a woman in a pink jacket in front of statue of a fish .
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue.
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain .
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue .
Two young women sit by a fountain .
A plane flies with a cloud of smoke behind it .
A plane is diving through the sky creating a cloud of smoke behind it .
a small airplane flying through the air with lots of smoke coming out of the plane .
A stunt plane is billowing smoke into a clear , grey sky .
The airplane is billowing smoke and looks like it may crash .
A skateboarder flies through the air over the staircase of a sleek contemporary building .
A skateboarder leaps of steps outside a corporate building .
People sitting on steps with large buildings in the background.
Skateboarders are doing tricks on a staircase next to mirror buildings .
Someone skateboarding over steps surrounded by buildings .
A boy in a striped oxford shirt points .
A boy points at something behind the camera .
A little boy wearing a striped shirt is pointing at something .
A young boy in a striped shirt pointing beyond the camera .
A young boy wearing a striped shirt points into the distance .
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman 's hair .
A little brunette girl sprinking confetti on a brunette woman 's head as she smiles .
A small girl puts confetti on a smiling woman 's hair .
A young girl dumps confetti onto a woman 's head as she smiles .
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman 's hair .
A boy hanging from a jungle gym.
A boy is playing in a jungle gym on a playground.
A boy swings on a jungle gym .
A little boy in a blue shirt and kaki shorts is playing on a playground .
A small blonde boy dressed in shorts and a blue shirt playing on a jungle gym .
A girl in a green sweatshirt sitting down and a girl in a dress leaning on blue lockers .
A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers.
Two girls are in a school hallway .
Two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .
Two teenage girls hang out in a school hallway by blue lockers .
A man wearing a formal suit and hat stands next to a building .
a man wearing a tuxedo and top hat standing outside with some other people to hi right.
Two men dressed up walk along the street while another man stares at them .
Two men in top hats and tuxedos are walking past a dry cleaning store and a casual man who is looking at them .
Two men in tuxedos and top-hats stand on the street as a boy with backpack passes by.
Three friends making faces for the camera .
Three people posing for a picture with one man giving a kissing face .
Three young adults pose for the camera .
Two men and a girl pose with funny faces in front of a wood panel wall .
Young man with upturned hair posing with young man with sunglasses and woman with glasses.
A black dog jumping over a hurdle .
A black dog jumps in the air over the red hurdle .
A black dog jumps over an obstacle .
A black dog jumps over a show jumping hurdle .
a black dog running a course at a dog show.
A biker leaps off a half-pipe littered with graffiti as onlookers watch .
a bmx rider launches off a quarterpipe .
A cyclist airborne having jumped his bike off a graffiti covered ramp .
A kid does a trick on a bike at a skate park .
A teenage boy on a bicycle is jumping off a ramp .
A group of people sitting in a pink room with candles .
A large group of people are sitting down inside a building with red and yellow lights everywhere .
People are sitting at square tables in a red room .
People in a dimly lit lounge .
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room .
a child doing a jump on a skateboard.
A closeup of a man skateboarding in a skate park .
A person skateboarding at a skate park .
A skateboarder doing a jump .
A skateboarder executes a jump in a skate park .
Five children ride an amusement park ride .
Five girls on a carnival ride .
Five girls on an amusement ride .
Five kids are on a yellow ride at the amusement park .
several young people riding on a big yellow fair ride.
A competitor does a pole vault .
a man is pole vaulting in front of a white building .
An athlete pole vaults in a field with buildings in the background .
Javelin competition.
The athlete pole vaulated above the bar while spectators watched .
A man in beige pants does a trick on a bicycle .
A person is doing a trick on a bicycle with grass and sky as the background .
A person on a bmx bike .
A person stunt riding on a BMX type of bicycle .
This person is doing a trick on his bicycle .
A blonde girl in white has her arms around a girl in a helmet .
A girl cyclist being hugged by another girl .
The girl is hugging another girl with a helmet .
Two girls hugging .
Two teenage girls hugging , one wearing a bicycle helmet , with cyclists in the background .
two dogs jump in a snowy field with snowcapped rocks in the background.
Two dogs leap through snowy grass and rocks .
Two dogs running and jumping through a snowy area .
Two large dogs , one light colored and one dark , running through snowy terrain .
Two medium sized dogs run across the snow .
A brown dog is playing with a white and brown dog in a grassy and treed area .
A brown dog is rolling over in the grass while a white and brown dog stands next to it .
A brown dog lies on its back fighting with a brown and white dog .
The two dogs are playing in the yard .
Two brown dogs are playing with each other on the grass , with one dog laying on its side .
A baseball pitcher wearing a white and red uniform caught in midpitch of the ball .
a baseball player in white uniform throwing baseball.
A profession baseball player pitches a ball in a baseball game .
The man in the white and red uniform gets ready to throw the baseball .
There is a man pitching a baseball and has a glove his left hand .
A brown and white corgi trailing a leash chasing sheep .
A dog chasing livestock on sand .
A short brown and white dog chasing sheep .
a small tan dog herding some sheep.
Brown and white dog , running on sand with livestock animals partially out of frame .
A little girl is wearing a flowing dress and carrying water balloons .
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand .
A young girl in a red dress and black shirt with two purple water balloons .
A young girl wearing a pink tutu .
The girl is wearing a pink tutu and walking through the grass .
A group of people walk down a city street at night .
A group of people walking down the street with one on the phone in a green hat .
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk , while the one in the green hat talks on a cellphone .
Four people are walking on a sidewalk .
four people walk down a sidewalk at night.
A baby playing in the water at a beach.
A chubby baby with an orange hat splashes in a shallow body of water .
A small baby dressed in blue shorts and a blue hat tries to balance with the help of an adult hand behind him .
A small baby splashes in water.
A tiny baby in swim trunks and a blue hat .
A boy rides a game machine .
A child in a yellow shirt is playing a red arcade ride .
A child rides a mechanical ride .
A small boy is playing a racing arcade game .
a young man playing a motorcycle video game .
A girl and woman jump off of their swings .
Two females jump off of swings .
Two girls jump out of swings .
Two girls riding on swings .
Two girls swing over a red patterned surface .
A boy in orange and white swimming trunks is falling into water at a beach or lake .
A boy in orange shorts is playing in the shallow part of the ocean .
A boy in swim trunks in the water at the beach.
A boy wearing board shorts falls backwards in the water .
a young man wearing a red and white floral swinsuit falling into the beach.
A man lying on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .
A rugby player wearing a colored top has scored a try as the players in black are running towards him .
A sports player on a field lying face down on the grass .
The young man dives on the field during a sporting event .
Three men on a field .
A large crowd in heavy clothing is posing for a camera .
large group of people walking.
The people are standing in front of a building .
There is a crowd of people of men , women and children .
Two men , a woman , and two young boys stand in front of a large gathering of people outside a building .
An Olympic winner takes home two medals .
an Olympic winner wearing her two gold medals and a grey jacket showing a peace sign and a wave.
A woman wearing two medals holds up seven fingers .
Woman wearing two gold medals holding up her hands .
Woman with two medals around her neck , holding up seven fingers .
A girl in a dress sitting on a red swing ride .
a girl sits on a swing ride .
A small Asian girl is sitting in a red seat on a merry go round .
The girl is sitting on a swing .
The young girl is sitting on the swing seat waiting for the carnival ride to begin .
A dirt biker rounding a bend on a downhill course .
A man in a white uniform rides a motocross bike down a forest trail .
A person on a bike and wearing a helmet rides through a wooded area .
BMX rider , riding downhill on forest path .
The motorbiker is biking on an off road trail.
A boys jumps into the water upside down .
A child diving headfirst into a lake .
A man is falling backward in swim gear over a large body of water nearby an urban area .
The man is going into the water .
The person is going into the water .
A rugby player tackling another .
A soccer player tackles a player from the other team .
Soccer players get in a scuffle as one puts the other in a head lock .
The men fight during the game .
two rugby players fighting on the field.
A girl dances on a stage .
A girl dancing onstage .
A girl in white dances .
A young girl in a white dance outfit and black shoes is dancing in front of music equipment.
The blonde girl is dancing onstage in front of the sound equipment .
A boy skateboarding .
A person does a trick with a skateboard .
A skateboarder doing a jump .
A skateboarder performs a trick .
The guy is wearing a blue shirt and doing an ollie .
A group of people are out on watercraft in the middle of the ocean .
A race with motor boats and all the people are wearing red helmets and life jackets .
Four powerboats racing across the sea .
Several speed boats are racing with people dressed in red aboard them .
The group of boats races each other .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on the ocean .
A surfer in a yellow and black wet-suit is falling off a breaking wave .
A surfer on his white surfboard catching a wave .
A young male surfer wearing a yellow shirt rides a wave in the ocean on his white board .
A young man in a yellow shirt flies off his surfboard into a wave .
A family sits on a bench in front of a pool .
a few couples sitting on beanches next to a pool.
A girl wearing boots stands next to a swimming pool and four people seated on a bench .
A group of people talking next to a pool with trees in the background .
People sit on a bench by the pool .
One woman and two men on a bench .
one woman holding flowers and two men on a bench.
Three middle aged people sitting on a park bench , with a rock wall in the background .
Three people sit on a bench outside .
Two men and a woman sitting on a bench .
The girls are both eating and the girl wearing the color red has cake icing on her upper lip .
Two girls are eating cake and one has blue icing on her face .
Two girls play with their food for the camera .
Two little girls are eating and making a mess .
Two young girls having fun while eating .
A child is sliding into a small pool .
A girl in a child 's swimming pool .
a little girl is sliding down a short slide into an inflatable paddling pool .
Girl splashing in kiddie pool.
The dark-haired girl is sliding into a white kiddie pool .
A BMX rider in a red and black outfit is jumping on his motorcycle .
A dirt biker flies through the air .
A guy in red on a bike in midair .
A man in a red outfit jumps his motocross bike down the hill .
Someone in red on a bike is moving in midair .
A girl rides on a swing .
A girl swings high in the air .
A little girl swings high in artistic photograph .
A young girl rides a swing high into the blue sky .
The blond haired girl wearing the flowered dress is swinging on a swing towards the blue sky .
A man at a skate park doing a stunt .
A skateboarder doing maneuvers .
A skateboarder is riding his board on a ramp in a skate park .
kid doing tricks on a skateboard.
The skateboarder is doing a trick at the skate park.
A kite surfer jumps through the air .
A man is flying through the air hanging from a paraglider while others are water-skiing .
A person is parasailing over water , with other parasailors close behind him .
A person wearing a lifevest is in the air above water .
a young man parasailing in midair over the ocean.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .
A woman holding a white dog points at a brown dog in the grass .
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field .
A woman holds her little white dog and points to a big brown dog at the bottom of the hill .
A woman is standing in a green field holding a white dog and pointing at a brown dog .
A bicyclist is drinking out of a bottle of water while riding .
A biker takes a drink of water .
A cyclist drinks water .
A man riding a bicycle drinks from a bottle of water .
A person takes a drink of water while riding on a bike .
A girl in a pink dress is jubilant while a woman blows bubbles nearby .
A woman is blowing bubbles and a little girl in a pink outfit is playing in front of her .
A young child is trying to catch bubbles that a woman is blowing towards her.
A young girl in a pink dress dances as a woman blows bubbles .
A young girl is popping bubbles a woman is blowing .
A man on a motorcycle rides donuts with a crowd watching.
A motorcycle rider spinning his tires in a circle .
A motorcyclist burns rubber in a circle while a crowd watches .
A person in a yellow helmet on a blue motorcycle is doing tricks .
Person on blue motorcycle with smoking back tire and people watching in the background .
A woman is waiting for a train at an empty train station .
A woman leaning against the wall in the " Dupont Circle " subway station with a trashcan to the right .
A woman reading while waiting for a train .
Woman waiting for the train .
Young woman standing on platform with train to the right.
The two dogs are interested in the gravel ground surrounded by concrete .
Two dogs are both curious about the object on the sidewalk .
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks .
Two dogs play with each other on the sidewalk .
Two small dogs search the ground for something .
A man is lying in a grassy field reading .
A man laying in the grass reading .
A man lays on the grass in a field and reads a book .
A man lies in the grass reading a book .
The man is laying in the field reading a book .
A group of girls dancing on a stage .
A group of teenage girls do a synchronized dance in Hanna Montana costumes .
Girls in a line do a dance .
The girls are dancing and wearing leather outfits .
Young girls in dancing outfits perform on a stage .
A girl kicks a ball.
A little girl gives a good kick to a blue ball .
A little girl in a pink shirt kicks a blue ball .
a young girl kicking a blue ball.
Young girl in pink shirt kicking blue ball .
People with black balloons on them climbing dirt hill.
Two balloon artists are standing and sitting on a dry dirt hill .
Two men wear funny looking black suits while climbing a mountain on a clear sunny day .
Two people in black outfits , surrounding themselves in black balloons in a desert.
Two people with balloons climb a hill .
Two girls arm wrestle as another observes.
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches .
Two girls arm wrestling , while another looks on .
Two teenage girls arm wrestle while a third girl watches .
Two young girls are arm wrestling in their hotel room while another girl watches .
A girl dressed in orange flies in the air while jumping on the bed .
A girl is jumping on the bed .
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room .
A little girl in an orange striped outfit is airborne whilst bouncing on a bed .
Young girl jumping on a bed .
A brown and white dog is standing in shallow water on a beach near a large rock outcrop .
A brown and white dog on the beach .
A dog standing on a beach .
A dog stands on the beach with a large rock behind him .
An unusual looking dog is standing in front of a beautiful backdrop .
The two children , one with a scarf tied around their forehead , walk down a modeling runway .
Two boys are walking along the stage whilst being watched by several people .
Two children walking on a platform .
Two children wearing denim walk on a runway .
Two little kids walk the catwalk showing off their fashion .
Girls moving around in a spacious room .
Three girls are dancing in a large room .
Three girls dance on a wooden floor .
Three girls dancing .
Three girls dancing on the hardwood floor on an emty room .
A girl in a white shirt kneeling down lighting a candle .
A girl is amid many candle lanterns .
A girl kneels down by a rows of candles .
A young girl kneels beside rows of candles while others walk by .
young girl kneels on a grassy field filled with candles.
A female martial artist kicking another female martial artist in the face.
One karate sportwoman kicks a karate sportman.
One martial artist kicks another 's face during a competition .
Two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience .
Two women participate in a martial arts match .
Cyclists are riding bikes on an off road course beside a river .
Kids jump their bikes off of dirt ramps near a waterfront .
People riding bicycles at night on a track .
The teenagers are performing tricks on their bicycles at night .
Two boys on off-road bicycles fly over a hill .
A closeup of two women standing together .
A woman wearing purple looks away while a woman in orange grins at the camera .
one girl wearing an orange tank top and black sunglasses smiling at the camera next to another girl .
The woman is wearing a purple shirt and red sunglasses while her friend wears an orange shirt .
Two women stand wearing sunglasses .
A blonde-haired child squeezes paint onto a spinning wheel .
a child is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .
A child painting on a piece of spinning paper .
A child pours syrup on a spinning device.
Child squirting paint onto a piece of spin-art .
A child in a flower print dress is in a field of flowers .
A little blond girl in a flowery dress among white flowers .
A young , blonde girl picking flowers in a grassy field .
A young girl in a field of white flowers .
The blonde little girl picks flowers in a field , wearing a white dress with flowers on it .
A man in skateboarding in an empty swimming pool .
A man rides a skateboard up the side of an empty pool .
A skateboarder dressed in white is dropping into a blue bowl .
A skateboarder hanging off the edge of a bowl at a skate park .
A skateboarder in an empty pool .
A couple kiss each other on the lips .
a couple kisses .
A man and a woman kiss .
A woman and a man are kissing .
A woman in white and a man in black , with an earring , are kissing .
A woman biking along a trail surrounded by various plants .
A woman rides a bike on a trail through a field .
A woman rides a bike over a dirt path through the long grass .
A woman riding a bicycle in a field .
Woman on bicycle riding down dirt trail .
A dog rolls in the grass .
A small white dog rolls over on the grass .
A tan dog rolls in the grass .
The grey dog is rolling on its back on the grass .
The yellow dog wears a blue dog tag and rolls on a green field .
A lady walking in red boots while wearing headphones .
A woman dressed in winter wear walks outdoors .
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs .
Blond woman wearing red boots with a bland and white jacket walking down the street .
The woman wearing a black and white jacket and red boots is also wearing headphones .
A dark skinned man standing outside a small yellow building which is setup to sell items .
A man is standing outside a yellow building .
A man is standing outside of a yellow building .
A man standing in front of a yellow building.
The man is standing next to a yellow building with a blue window .
A girl in a lavender shirt looks puzzled .
A girl in a purple sweater and a shoulder bag is looking to the side with a lot of people behind her .
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse.
A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face .
A woman with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse .
A guy in a costume , a crowd watching him .
A man standing in front of a crowd .
A performer putting on an act in front of a large crowd of people .
A person wearing a black coat and a helmet with spiky things is posing on the lawn in front of a crowd of people .
one person performing a show in front of a large audience sitting on the lawn.
A boy in a park playing with two orange balls .
A boy in a purple shirt tosses orange balls on a lawn .
A little boy in a purple shirt and blue shorts playing with orange balls .
Boy playing on the grass with an orange ball .
Little boy juggling orange balls in the park with a playground behind him .
A dog is being washed by two little girls .
two girls giving a large dog a bath.
Two little girls in summer clothes are washing a brown dog .
Two young blonde girls are washing a golden retriever .
Two young girls bathing a golden retriever outside .
A martial artist kicks the face of his opponent .
Martial artists are sparring against one another .
Two black belts sparring , one kicking the other in the face .
Two men wearing black belt martial arts uniforms are sparring , one of whom has kicked his feet up to the other man 's face .
Two men with black belts engage in martial arts .
A disk jockey holds a picture of Michael Jackson .
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album .
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling.
Girl in club DJ both showing camera the cover of Michael Jackson 's " Thriller  ".
The girl is wearing headphones and holding a Michael Jackson album .
A child is playing near a swing set , with a hedge in the background .
A child jumping out of a swing near some bushes .
A young boy jumps off a swing set .
a young man wearing a blue shirt jumping off a swing set.
Young boy leaps from a swing.
A couple walking and holding hands .
a man and a woman walking down a sandy path surrounded by trees.
a man and woman are walking whilst holding hands down a leafy lane .
A man and woman walk side by side down the road .
A man with a white t-shirt and a woman with a sleeveless dress walk down a dirt road together holding hands .
A boy and a girl playing in the pool on a sunny day .
a girl in a bikini jumps into a pool.
A girl with a boy standing behinf her is stepping into a swimming pool.
A young girl jumps into the deep end of a swimming pool while a young boy is nearby .
Young girl jumping into a swimming pool .
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area .
Three dogs moving through grass .
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera .
Three dogs running in a field of grass .
Three dogs run through a manicured lawn .
A boy on a skateboard in midair.
A male jumps in the air while on a skateboard .
A skateboarder leaps in the air on a city street .
A skateboard teenager wearing a dark shirt and blue jeans rides his board on top of a red fireplug .
This skater is jumping over a hydrant .
a few girls on a woooden pier eating ice cream cones.
A young girl enjoys ice cream with two older women in a pier-like setting .
Two older women and a little girl standing outside under flowers .
Two women and a little girl are eating ice cream .
Two women and child eat ice cream cones on bridge decorated with flowers .
A bearded man at a fair wearing a black tank top and a plaid hat .
A guy with a black tank top .
A man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat.
A man wearing a black tank top and red plaid hat is smiling as a man behind him is playing with a colorful object .
A man with face peircings and a red fadora hat smiles at a fair .
A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off camera .
A smiling lady in a green jacket at a public gathering .
A woman in a green jacket and black sunglasses outside in a crowd .
A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater .
Woman with green sweater and sunglasses smiling.
A blonde toddler in a light green shirt sitting in a green chair surrounded by other green chairs .
A cute toddler girl waits in her stroller .
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair .
A little girl is turned around in her seat at an event .
A young girl with blond hair holding onto a rail.
two fighters kick boxing.
Two people kick boxing , with others spectating .
Two woman spar in a kickboxing match .
two women are kick boxing .
Woman kicking head of another kick boxer.
a man in a white t-shirt with a red logo is wearing colored beads whilst carrying a flag past a row of spectators .
A man is smiling while participating in a parade .
A person wearing a white shirt and beads holding a pole .
Man wearing mardi gra beads and waving a flag.
Man with Mardi Gras Beads around his neck holding pole with banner.
A brown haired man is wearing a blue shirt that says , " Boys will do boys " .
A man is wearing a blue shirt that is rolled up above his abdomen .
A young man , bearing his midriff , and other people are gathered in a city street .
Man wearing boys will do boys shirt waves at camera during gay pride parade.
There is a man who is wearing a shredded blue shirt that reads , " Boys Will Do Boys , " waving at the camera .
A homeless man being observed by a man in business attire .
A homeless man holds up his pants as another man observes in the distance .
a homeless person being looked at by another man.
A man looking at a sad homeless man whose clothes are torn on the street .
A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
A brown and white dog running out of the woods through snow .
A dog jumps and runs through the forest and snow-covered ground .
A dog running through snow with trees in the background.
A German shepherd playing in the snow near the woods .
A large German shepherd runs though deep snow .
A brown dog is running through the ocean .
A brown dog swimming through murky water .
A brown dog with a silver collar runs through shallow water .
A small brown dog swims in the water .
The dog is swimming across the water .
a Boston baseball player at bat.
A Boston Red Sox baseball player holds the bat waiting for the incoming pitch .
A man is playing baseball .
A player on the Boston Red Sox prepares for a pitch during a game .
Baseball batter ready to hit the ball.
A man in a green Speedo dancing .
A muscular black man dancing in short shorts .
A shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses with a man in white shirt and sunglasses .
The muscular black man is dancing while the man behind him wears green beads .
Two men in green underwear and green beads dance together .
A professional horse race.
Four jockeys and their horses race towards the finish line at a racetrack .
Horses with jockeys participate in a race .
Jockeys ride their horses down the track during a horse race .
Three horses and their jockeys compete in a race .
A girl in a blue shirt is grinning and walking in a crowd or people .
A girl wearing a tight blue shirt and an army cap walks in a crowd .
A woman in a blue shirt with no bra .
A young woman with a green hat is walking in the busy street .
The young lady walks down the street on a beautiful day .
a baseball player slides to the base .
A catcher tries to beat a runner to home plate .
A person playing baseball slides for home .
Two baseball players on a field , with four spectators , and a crowd .
Two men on opposite baseball teams dive for a baseball at homebase .
One black and white dog sleeps while the other two black and white dogs play with a plastic bag .
Three black and white pug dogs were laying and playing outside .
Three spotted dogs outside a house .
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag .
Two small dogs are fighting over a bag while another sleeps .
Children laugh and smile .
Little boys points a pink gun in the air while a little girl watches and laughs .
two children laugh .
Two little kids laugh at a park .
Two small children are smiling and one is pointing while holding something red .
A man in a bowler hat , a low cut vest and flowers waves in a parade .
a man wearing makeup and wearing a skimpy vest.
A person is dressed in a black vest and hat with lots of flowers attached .
A person wearing a colorful costume waves to a crowd .
People in red and black clothing are walking in a parade .
A little girl is peaking out from behind a tree .
A little girl peering out from behind a tree .
A young girl hiding behind a tree in a forest .
A young girl peeking out from behind a tree in a wooded area .
A young girl wearing a striped dress peeks out from behind a tree .
A man looking across a street .
a man looks at the city .
A man standing on the street looking at a woman across on the road .
A young man in a grey sweater is looking downtown .
Two people stand across a city intersection from each other .
A brown and white dog trots across shallow water with his mouth open .
A brown spotted dog walks in shallow water .
A greyhound walks in the rain through a large puddle .
A white and brown dog is walking through the water .
The dog walks through the water .
A person in an airplane .
A person sits inside a small plane on the ground .
a small jet takes off .
A small white plane with someone visible in the window is sitting on a runway .
Small plane with spinning propeller on ground , pilot seen through windows .
A girl and a boy watch a dog try to climb a tree .
Boy and girl look on a puppy climbs tree.
The dog that the two children are walking is looking up at a tree .
The two children watch the small yellow dog on the tree .
Two children are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree .
A bird is standing on a rock next to her six babies .
a mommy duck walking along some rocks with a group of baby ducks .
An adult duck stands on a rock with seven baby ducks nearby .
The mother bird looks over her babies .
There is a grown duck and several baby ducks .
a girl is swimming in a clear water in a blue pool .
A girl swims through clear blue water .
A person is swimming underwater in a pool .
A person swimming underwater in a swimming pool .
A picture of somebody under blue water .
a kayaker plungles into the river .
A person in a canoe is rafting in wild waters .
A person is half submerged in water in their yellow kayak .
A woman has positioned her kayak nose down in the water .
The man in a yellow kayak is paddling through rough waters .
A guy in gold chains , a black top , and gold shorts is walking with his arms outstretched in a parade .
A young man raises his arms as he marches in a parade .
A young man with gold short shorts and a black top is walking in a parade .
Man in gold jewelry and shorts by a parade .
The man in the gold lame shorts is wearing many gold necklaces .
A bus is carrying people while decorated with banners in the colors of the rainbow .
A group of people on a bus with colorful flags wave at the people below .
People are waving from a bus covered in rainbow flags .
People in a tall bus wave while holding colorful flags .
People riding on a tour bus in a parade wave to the bystanders .
A boy in a red shirt walks down the street through heavy rain .
A boy in yellow walks down the street .
A boy walks in the rain with tennis balls in his shirt .
A child carring something in their shirt walks in the rain on the street .
A girl holding a bag walks down the street in front of the chief justice 's office .
A dark man in a white and green feathered mask with green jewelry and pants .
A man in a costume participates in a parade .
A man in a green and silver Mardi Gras costume in a parade .
A man is wearing a mask , green beads and green pants .
Man dresses up in Hawaiian garb at a local parade .
A man with no shirt is standing in a parade wearing a plastic flower necklace .
A man without shirt but wearing a flower necklace is holding a flag pole.
A shirtless man wearing bracelets and a garland , carrying a pole .
A young topless man carries a Brazilian flag whilst wearing a colorful bracelet on his arm and flowers around his neck.
The young man with the colorful flowered lei and colorful bracelets is holding a flag .
A man is shirtless and is covered in red marks .
A man with several red marks on his body is holding a flag while people in the background are cheering.
A shirtless man covered in red lipstick kisses waving a blue flag .
A shirtless man waaves a flag .
A shirtless man with red paint on his torso holding a stick .
A naked woman with pink hair and tattoos is standing in a crowd in front of a cloth barrier .
A person with pink hair and tattoos on their upper and lower back .
A topless woman with bright red hair watches a gay pride parade .
A woman with pink hair an tattoos stands near a rainbow banner .
The woman is wearing black shorts at a parade .
a dog gets sprayed by a hose .
A dog is being sprayed with water .
A dog jumping through the air getting hit by water .
An animal is hosed down by a brick wall .
Leaping dog sprayed by off screen person with hose .
A man and a woman are sitting at a small metal table .
A man and a woman sitting on each side of a small metal table .
Two older people drinking coffee outside .
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table .
Two people sit at a table outside against a wall and make faces .
A boy wearing a red shirt jumps off the blue slide .
A little boy in a red t-shirt jumps off of a blue slide at a playground .
A young boy wearing a red shirt is jumping off of a blue slide at a park .
The blonde boy is wearing a red shirt and jumping off of a blue slide .
There is a kid jumping off a blue slide .
A long-haired woman with sunglasses is dancing with two other people in a parade .
A woman in a blue shirt and sunglasses dancing .
A woman in a white skirt and tank top is flailing about with others nearby .
The girl in the green top and sunglasses is performing in a parade .
Woman in a blue shirt and sunglasses dancing .
A man in a uniform smiling and waving at the camera .
A man in a uniform waves while holding a banner during an event .
A man in uniform waves and smiles at camera.
A police officer waves at a street fair .
The man in a black uniform and hat , holding part of a banner , is waving .
Colorfully dressed people walk down the center of the road , with onlookers behind a barricade .
People are dressed in purple , blue , green , yellow , orange and red costumes for a parade .
Six people in bright mono-color costumes , each a different color , are walking down a street .
Six people walking in a parade wearing brightly colored outfits .
Six women dressed in purple , blue , green , orange , and red , are waving to the crowd along the parade route .
A boy is blowing bubble underwater .
A boy is swimming underwater and bubbles are coming out of his mouth .
A child holds his breath underwater .
a young boy diving through the water with his eyes open .
A young boy is underwater in a swimming pool .
Shirtless men with leather vests are smiling .
The guy in the black and yellow vest has a black hat on .
Two guys in leather , standing in a crowd .
Two guys with nipple piercings are smiling .
Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk in a parade .
A woman is holding out a peace sign during a parade .
A woman wearing a red scarf raises her hand as she walks in a parade .
People in orange shirts marching down street with Unified In Pride sign.
The woman in the red shirt is holding up a peace sign with her fingers with a red banner behind her .
The woman is flashing a peace sign .
A blond girl in a green dress and elaborate gold necklace stands in front of a few women and a man .
A few people with a girl standing up in the center wearing a green dress.
A girl is wear a green dress .
blonde girl wearing green dress standing.
Woman in green dress being observed.
a boy wearing plaid shorts jumping over a big water fountain .
A man in plaid shorts is jumping over a fountain .
A man is jumping over a water fountain .
A man jumps near a water fountain .
The person wearing flannel shorts is jumping over a fountain .
a girl in a purple top holds a toddler between herself and another girl on the grass in front of a bush .
Three children sit on the grass .
Three little children are sitting in the grass .
Three little girls are sitting on the grass .
Three young girls are sitting on the lawn.
A boy tries to catch a ball while jumping into a pool .
A male dives for a ball that 's flying over a pool .
A male jumping into a swimming pool .
A man dives into a swimming pool at the hotel .
The man is leaping off of the pool deck to catch a football .
An asian girl is running outside .
An Asian woman is running on a rocky path .
A woman runs on a chalk white path .
A woman runs on the beach .
A woman with long black hair and a white shirt is running up the sand and tall weeds .
A woman is climbing a rocky hill overshadowed by a partly cloudy sky .
A woman nears a cliff 's edge .
a woman walks across a large rock .
Woman in black sports bra and shorts standing on an rocky elevation .
Woman walking on the rocks .
a man doing a rollskating trick on a ramp.
A man grinding the lip of a pool on his Rollerblades .
A man wearing green glasses crouches near the camera .
A man with green glasses does a trick on his skateboard .
A rollerblader pauses at the top of a skate ramp .
A female runner in a race.
A woman athlete wearing orange and black is running whilst carrying an orange beverage bottle .
A woman in an orange top and black shorts is running .
A woman is running a race carrying a plastic bottle .
A woman jogger .
A bmx biker is in midair attempting a trick .
A boy does a trick on a bike in the woods .
A person is in the air with a trick bike .
A person riding a bike , doing a very high jump .
The young man is performing a bicycle trick high in the air .
A man jumps off of a dock and into the water .
A person jumping off a dock into water .
Person jumping into the water .
The boy jumps into the water off of a dock .
The person wearing shorts and a shirt is jumping off a dock , into the water .
A cop is standing next to a person dressed like a clown .
A female police officer stands next to a woman dressed as the Joker in Batman .
A man with face makeup and a red piece of fabric hanging from her mouth is being escorted by a police officer .
A policewoman standing next to a person wearing bright red glasses .
Policewoman , with person streaked with colors and with red cloth in mouth .
A couple enjoying the high plains with their dogs .
A man is taking a photo of another man and his two dogs on some grassy hills.
Dog training on the mountain.
The man wearing the white shirt takes a picture of the man in the blue shirt with the two dogs .
two men take a hike with two dogs .
Two hikers crossing a snowy field , with mountainous terrain behind them .
Two hikers , one wearing a bikini walk on snow .
Two people are hiking in a mountainous region .
Two people in shorts hike on the snow in the mountains with a lake in the background .
Two people walks across a field of snow .
A girl climbs an inflatable wall over water .
A woman climbs up a floating object on the water .
People climb on a structure near water .
Two girls are climbing on an artificial climbing wall that is floating in a lake .
Two girls climb on an iceburg climbing device that is floating in water .
Girls are doing somersaults .
Girls cartwheeling inside .
Little girls do cartwheels in a large , empty room with folding chairs to one side .
Two girls are doing cartwheels as other children stand around watching .
Two girls doing cartwheels , while other children look on .
A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge .
a kid doing tricks on a skateboard on a bridge.
A skateboarder is airborne on a bridge .
A skateboard jumps down a bridge .
The skateboarder in the white shirt jumped into the air .
A man in a red uniform makes a jump in a dirt bike race .
a man participates in a bmx race .
Two BMX riders are racing around a bumpy track .
Two people go dirt bike racing .
Two people ride bicycles over a bumpy racetrack .
A batter playing cricket missed the ball and the person behind him is catching it .
A cricket player misses the pitch .
A man struck out playing cricket .
A man wearing white , including shin guards , swings the bat in a cricket game .
The three men are playing cricket .
A group of three dogs are walking through the snow .
Three dogs in the snow by a fence .
Three dogs next to a blue fence in the snow .
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence .
Two yellow dogs and a small dog walk through snow .
A man playing a piano.
A man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it .
A man with a ponytail is playing a decorated piano in the street next to a table with a red cloth .
A man with a ponytail plays a piano in public .
Person playing piano that has mermaid painting on the side.
Airplane emitting heavy red colored smoke .
An airplane is flying over the mountain trying to extinguish a fire .
A small plane is dropping a red chemical over the mountaintops .
Red spray is being ejected by an orange and white plane flying over the hilltops .
Small red airplane flies over mountaintop dropping red substance over fire .
two people are dragging a yellow raft into a river .
Two people are in a pond pulling a life raft .
Two people are pushing a yellow dinghy through a stream as a man is running towards them .
Two people in brown hats pull a yellow tube in a small pond surrounded by greenery .
Two people trudge through the water with their raft .
A group of people in green shirts push a cannon in a parade .
People in matching outfits next to a canon .
Several people dressed in like jerseys roll an old cannon during a competition .
Six men are pushing a large wooden wheel along the ground in front of an audience .
Young adults wearing uniforms wheel a contraption .
A man does a trick on his skateboard in front of a crowd .
A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air .
A young man shocks the audience with his skateboard tricks .
Man with no shirt and tatoos on back airborne with skateboard in hand .
The skateboarder performs a jump in front of a crowd of spectators .
A girl in a white shirt is looking down at a bunch of people sitting on the ground .
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night .
A group of people gather outside on the pavement , some standing , some sitting .
Group of people standing and sitting outdoors .
Young adults gather near a bright light .
A blonde woman with a red backpack in the snow .
A lady with a headband is in the snow near a red backpack .
A woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam .
A woman with camping gear is heating something up in the snow .
Woman making drinks outdoors in a snowy landscape .
A black dog is looking through the fence .
A brown dog runs along a fence .
A dark brown dog is running along a fence outside .
A large black dog runs along a fence in the grass .
The brown greyhound dog walks on green grass and looks through a fence .
a man talks to a boy .
An older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .
Two boys talking while wearing unique outfits .
Two males in period costume are having a conversation .
Two people sitting on benches and looking at each other .
a cyclist.
A man riding on a red bicycle .
a man wearing a white and red helmet riding his red bike down the street .
A man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike .
A man with a red helmet is riding on a red bicycle .
A group of men in period clothing are standing in front of a hut .
A group of people dressed as pirates .
The people are in older looking attire .
The people in white and maroon clothes are in a wooden building .
The seven men are gathered .
A group of adults and children play with a parachute outdoors .
A group of children are waving a large cloth up and down .
A group of people holding up a bed sheet like a parachute while two people run underneath to fetch a soccer ball .
Many people raise a large sheet of fabric above their heads .
The group of people is holding a large sheet .
Two girls playing in mud in a small pool .
Two people mud wrestling .
Two woman are mud wrestling in a kiddie pool .
Two women in a mudfight .
Two women mud-wrestle in a blue wading-pool.
A long haired drummer plays music outdoors .
A man with long hair and tattoos plays a drum outdoors .
A musician plays a drum while his hair covers his face , and tattoos dot his arms .
A tatooed person shakes their hair and beats a drum .
The drummer beats the drums at an outdoor concert .
A lady walking her dog through an obstacle course , while other people are in the background .
A small tan and white dog and trainer running an obstacle course.
A woman is guiding a brown dog around an obstacle course.
A woman with a hat is leading a small dog through an obstacle course .
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course .
A black soccer male soccer player in a purple uniform with a soccer ball on his head , and a white male soccer player in a white uniform behind him .
A man in purple bumps the soccer ball with his head while a man in white battles with him .
A man on the purple team heading the ball in a game against the white team.
Two guys colliding while playing soccer.
Two guys playing ball and making faces .
Two dogs holding opposite ends of a toy with their mouths swimming .
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water .
Two grey dogs swimming in a lake to retrieve a white toy .
Two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths .
Two similar brown dogs share holding a white toy while swimming .
Dog leaps high for yellow ball as another dog waits below on grass .
These two dogs are outside , with one on the ground and one jumping in the air to get a ball .
Two dog play with ball while one makes a big jump.
Two dogs play with a ball in a field .
Two dogs play with tennis ball in field .
a bicyclist wearing a helment riding down a steep ramp.
A bike rider catches air near a ramp .
A BMX rider in midair .
A man wearing a green shirt is jumping his bicycle off a ramp .
Cyclist in green shirt doing trick on wooden ramp.
a man wearing inline skates is skating down a cement wall.
A rollerblader is sliding down a railing .
A skater slides down a wall beside a long staircase .
A teenage boy is riding a skateboard on the stone handrail of a flight of outdoor steps .
The in-line skater slides down the wall .
A boy holding a rope .
A boy in a plaid shirt plays with string .
A boy wearing a green checked shirt is standing by a tree with a piece of rope .
A boy with rope in the woods .
The boy under the tree holding a rope .
A boy is sitting in a car seat in the backseat of a car .
A boy making a face while sitting in his car seat.
A boy sitting in a car making a surprised face.
A young boy is buckled into a car seat making a silly face .
The young boy with a silly face is buckled in a car seat .
A line of women dressed in colorful gowns standing on a round stage .
Several women wearing bright dresses are in a competition .
Several young women in tropical clothing stand on a stage .
Women line up on state in festive dresses in front of an audience .
Young women in dresses standing on a stage.
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well.
a man plays his white guitar .
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing .
Man singing and playing a guitar .
This guitarist is performing .
Girls fighting on karate competition .
Two girls are kicking each other in martial arts uniforms .
Two people are performing karate at a tournament .
Two woman are doing karate .
Two women in their karate uniforms kick at one another .
A bicycle rider flies over a hill while a competitor is not far behind .
A dirt bike racer jumping off a hill with another racer not far behind .
A motocross rider is slightly airborne on a competition circuit jump .
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track .
Dirtbike rider jumps over a hill of a racetrack .
a fluffy little dog running through the snow.
An ash colored dog is walking forward in the snow .
a small dog walking through the snow.
A small tan dog runs through the snow .
A tan dog is walking through snow .
A man in shorts skis down a hill .
A man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow .
A skier is skiing down the snow wearing a white shirt and black shorts .
People in summer clothing racing down a snowy hill .
Skiers are competing .
A blonde toddler in a white shirt and green pants standing at a wooden fence .
A blond little boy is standing by a fence .
A blond toddler in green trousers peeks through a fence .
A toddler in green shorts is standing by a wooden fence .
A toddler walks along a fence .
man on the left with his mouth open while the man on the right is raising his hand.
A man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm .
Near snowflake sign , man sits while another stands wearing badge and headphones .
The man in the blue shirt wearing headphones around his neck is sitting next to the man who is working at a computer .
Two men playing on a computer.
A bald man in a black wetsuit flips leaps in the air on a surfboard , holds on to a waterskiing handle.
A man doing a trick on a wakeboard.
A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .
A wakeboarder soars through the air .
Male performing water sports acrobatics while being pulled by a boat .
A bald man climbing rocks .
A bald , shirtless man rock climbing .
A man climbing up a rocky cliff.
A man with no shirt on is rock climbing .
A rock climber scales a mountain .
A boy with his mouth wide open dressed in a yellow life jacket and goggles in water with a man next to him .
A father and child enjoy the water .
A man and child wearing a yellow life vest look up from the water .
An open mouthed child in goggles and a yellow life vest poses with a smiling man .
Man and boy wearing life jacket in water posing for a picture.
A bike rider jumps through the air while being filmed .
A guy on a bike jumps high into the air while another person takes his picture.
A man is taking a picture of a bicyclist performing a trick in the air .
A man on a BMX bike catches massive air while someone is taking a picture.
Shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films .
A bird has its wings spread very wide and is standing on rocks .
A bird takes off , surrounded by large rocks.
A grey bird flies over the water by some rocks .
A large duck in flight over a rocky stream .
A seabird is flying over rocks .
A bird with a long orange bill drinks water .
An egret stretches his neck to eat things out of the still water .
A white crane looks for food in the water .
The white bird stands in water near tall reeds .
The white crane is searching for food in a pond .
A boy is posing with a metal ladle in each hand .
A boy with a yellow shirt and light brown shorts is posing with a long dipping spoon in each hand .
A man in orange holds soup ladles and makes a funny face .
A young man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .
A young man in an orange shirt brandishes two ladles .
Two children carry flowers as they walk along a grassy track .
two children hold hands and flowers .
Two children in jackets walking down a dirt road carrying flowers .
Two children walk along a path holding purple flowers .
Two girl walk town a dirt road , holding flowers .
A boy and a girl are standing on the edge of a lake at sunset .
Two children are walking by a pond.
Two figures are walking by a pond .
Two people are silhouetted against a lake reflecting a painted sky .
Two people silhouetted against a lake at sunset .
a boat floats in the water .
A boat with a red and white sail in a body of water in the back of this scene .
A ship with a red and white sail is in a body of water .
Boat sails in rough water .
Distant boat with striped sail , sailing between two land masses .
A group of people pulling on a rope.
three girls tug a rope .
Three people are mountain climbing and the lady in front has long hair .
Three people are pulling a rope on a hillside .
Three women on one side of a tug-of-war.
A child in an orange t-shirt is riding a green bike beside a pathway .
A child in red is riding a bicycle .
A child wearing helmet is riding baby bicycle by side of walk path .
A little girl is riding her bike on a dirt trail .
A young child is riding a bike in the dirt along a brick walkway in a park .
A girl runs through an obstacle course outside as some boys watch .
A group of children on a sidewalk by two clear pitchers .
Four boys and a girl on a sidewalk and grass .
The girl is playing while four boys look on .
The girl runs in the grass while others watch .
a boy wearing a white shirt and pink shoelaces jumping on a railing.
A man jumps of the handrail of an outdoor staircase .
A person on a skateboard .
A skateboarder is balancing on the rail of stairs .
A teenage boy jumps off a rail .
Two blond hair ladies are sitting on a park bench near a body of water .
two woman sit on a park bench .
Two women are sitting on a park bench.
Two women sitting on a bench by the water .
Two women sitting on a wood bench along a waterfront edge .
A big sister in pink is giving her little sister a piggy back ride .
An Asian girl is riding piggy back on another girl as they pass some red tape .
One child carries another child on her back .
One little girl standing with another little girl piggybacking on her back look at an object .
Two girls in pink shirts looking at a fountain from behind a red velvet rope .
a boy performs a stunt on a BMX bike .
A man does a bicycle trick on a concrete obstacle .
a man doing tricks on a bmx bike.
An extreme bicyclist is performing a jump with his bicycle and rotating the bicycle while he is in the air .
Person doing a trick bike move in a skatepark .
A boy sticks an aligator puppet out of a camper van window .
Two boys looking out the window of an RV .
Two boys peer out the window of a RV while one holds a stuffed toy .
Two children peek out the window of an RV with a pet snake .
Two young boys lean out the window of a white RV with their stuffed toy snake .
a man and a woman sit back to back on a bench in front of a building with a colorful painted door .
A man and a woman sit back-to-back on a bench outside a storefront .
A man and woman sitting back-to-back outside a building .
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun .
Two people are sitting on a bench outside of a decorative building .
A couple and their baby feed pigeons at a park .
A family sits at a park while birds fly around .
A large flock of pigeons is swarming at a man .
A man and a woman and a young child surrounded by various birds .
A man sitting on a park bench watching pigeons .
A black and brown dog runs along the sand , avoiding an oncoming wave .
A dog is running parallel with the ocean waves .
A dog running in the surf .
a dog runs on the shore .
The dog runs next to the crashing waves of the ocean .
Bikers racing , an orange cone in front .
Men race their bikes on a road .
Three bicyclists race around a curve .
Three bicyclists turn on a curve .
Three people on bikes racing through the orange cones .
A man riding a snow machine topples over .
A person on a snowmobile .
A person rides a snowmobile over the snow and does a stunt .
Snowmobiler riding snowmobile with front end up in the air .
Someone riding a snowmobile pops a wheelie .
A balding man wearing blue is riding a unicycle on a paved road .
A man in a blue shirt rides a unicycle on the street .
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road.
A man wearing a blue checkered shirt rides a unicycle in the street .
A man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans is riding a unicycle down a street .
A shirtless boy throwing something with the sunlight low on the water.
A young boy in a swimsuit throws a rock into the water .
A young man throws something in the water .
Boy throwing something into the ocean .
The man is making a throwing motion , while standing on the shore .
A lady and her large brown and black dog out for a run in a grassy place.
a woman and her black and brown dog running through a field in the woods.
A woman in a white shirt is running with a dog in the grass .
A woman is running with a dog in a grassy field with trees in the background .
A woman running through a grassy area with a brown and black dog .
A man with a Mohawk with his arms in the air .
A man with multicolored hair wearing a weird outfit.
A person in a kilt and a sports jersey and a Mohawk is in a store .
Punk rocker buys computer ink in the big-box store .
The man with the eccentric clothing and hair poses in a store .
A group of children in the ride called " Frog Hopper " .
A group of children on the " Frog Hopper " ride at a fair .
Five children on a white-metal midair ride called the frog hopper .
Five little kids are on a ride called the Frog Hopper .
Little kids are on an amusement park ride .
a bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a trick on his back tire.
A guy on his bike doing a truck on a rocky beach .
A man is performing a trick on a bicycle at a rocky beach .
A man on a white bike doing tricks on rocky ground .
A man pops a wheelie on a bike on a rocky beach .
A man skateboarding at a skateboarding park which is covered in graffiti .
A person in the air while skateboarding , in front of a wall of graffiti .
A skateboarder jumping on a graffiti-covered ramp .
Boy on a skateboard in midair at a skate park.
The skateboarder jumps over the ramp .
An empty seat at a Mexican themed restaurant .
A red colored diner features dark red chairs .
Crowded Mexican restaurant , empty chair in foreground .
Many people sit in a Mexican restaurant .
People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .
People walking through a garden in a large city .
People walking through a garden in the middle of a city .
Three people are walking in a park with flowers .
Three people on a walk down a cement path beside a field of wildflowers with skyscrapers in the background .
Three people walking in a park right outside of the city .
A girl in a pink coat plays in the leaves .
A girl in a pink coat throws leaves in the air .
A little girl in a pink jacket throwing some leafs up in the air .
A little girl in a pink jacket throws leaves over her head in front of a fence .
A young girl in a pink coat throwing leaves into the air .
A girl in pink and yellow on a pink and orange surfboard cuts through the wave .
a surfer rides the wave .
A woman in a yellow shirt surfs on a pink surfboard .
A woman on a surfboard rides a wave.
The girl catches a wave on her pink surfboard .
Couple sitting on bench in front of a water fountain .
The old men are sitting on a bench .
Two men are sitting on a bench looking at a water fountain.
Two men sit on a bench in front of a three tier fountain .
Two people sit on a park bench looking at a fountain .
A boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard .
A skateboarder in black clothes jumps over a bench .
A skateboarder is performing a jump from a wooden bench .
A youth with brown hair is doing an ollie over a bench with his skateboard .
skateboarder in the air by a bench with advertisement.
A dock over water with a palm tree at the end and five boats , during twilight .
A man stands on a dock near several boats , while 2 other men are on one of the boats .
Boats docked at a pier which has three men and a lone palm tree .
Boats parked at a marina at sunset .
There are three people on the dock by the boats .
A black and white dog is going through an obstacle course .
A black and white dog jumps over a bar .
A black dog leaping over a hurdle .
A border collie jumping over a hurdle .
Black and white dog jumping over a blue obstacle.
A guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair .
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow .
A man skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle .
A person snowboarding leaps over an obstacle to continue down the hill .
A snowboarder jumps over a ramp on a mountain course .
A man playing bagpipes .
a man plays the bagpipes .
A man wearing a coat and a plaid green skirt is playing a bagpipe .
A man wearing a kilt is playing the bagpipes .
an older man playing wearing a quilt the bagpipes outside .
A black dog is jumping out of water .
A black dog jumping in water in the woods .
A black dog leaps from the water near a wooded shoreline.
A dog playing in water .
Animal jumping up from the pond .
A young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road .
A young boy with a dinosaur shirt on runs at a playground .
The boy wearing a red top is running on a gravel path .
The little boy runs across the gravel .
This boy , wearing a red shirt and blue shorts , is running .
A baby boy cries while sitting in the grass at the park .
a boy cries in the grass .
a little boy crying on the grass.
A little boy in shorts and sandals is sitting in the grass .
A little boy wearing a hat and sandals sits on the grass .
A bike rider flipping over a black ramp .
A cyclist does a flip in the air .
A man performs motorbike tricks off a ramp in a stadium .
A person rides a jump high into the air and upside down on a bicycle .
Motorcyclist upside down in midair during a daring stunt-leap.
A boy is making a huge splash in a paddling pool .
A little boy is going down a blue and red slip and slide .
A little boy landing with a splash on a very wet slip & slide .
A young boy sliding down a water slide toy .
Little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game .
A girl in a pink dress in midair over a large yellow object .
A girl in a pink shirt has jumped into the air .
A girl is jumping .
a young girl jumping through the air on a playground .
A young girl wearing a pink dress jumps through the air over playground equipment .
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow .
Two children and a dog play in the snow with a woods behind them .
Two children and a dog running around in snow .
two children and their dog play in the snow .
Two kids and a dog play in the snow .
A black dog jumping into a lake .
A black dog with a red collar is jumping in the water .
A black dog with a red collar is jumping out of the water .
Black dog with red collar splashing in water.
The black dog with a red collar is jumping through the water .
A boy holds a green apple in his mouth .
A boy wearing a life jacket has an apple in his mouth .
A child is holding an apple in his mouth.
A young child in a life jacket eats a green apple .
child with a green apple in his mouth is wearing a red life jacket.
Lacrosse players struggling for control of the ball .
Lone red team player breaks through two black team players , to hit the ball.
Men play field hockey .
Men play some type of sport on the field with what looks like hockey sticks .
Three guys are going for the ball in a field hockey game .
A person in a hoodie and red cap holding pizza and root beer advertisements .
A woman holding signs advertising food.
A woman in a pink hooded sweatshirt carrying advertisement signs down a sidewalk .
A woman wearing a pink sweatshirt walks carrying signs .
The lady solicits her restaurants 's products on the street .
a black dog jumping into some water to catch a red and blue Frisbee.
A black dog jumps into the water to get a Frisbee while a boat sits in the back .
A dog is jumping into the water.
The black dog is wearing a red collar and is jumping into the water after a Frisbee .
The black dog jumps above the water towards a Frisbee floating near a boat .
A family of two young boys and a woman and man pose in front of a scenic background .
A woman , man , and two children .
Family posing for a picture on top of some rocks by a lake .
Two adults and two boys posing with mountains and a lake in the background.
Two adults and two children pose on a mountaintop .
A brown dog is walking on a wooded path with white flowers .
A corgi is walking down a path in a forest .
A dog is running through a very wooded area with large white flowers .
A dog is walking through an area of heavy foliage along a dirt path .
a dog runs across the path .
A female in a black bikini splashes in the water .
A girl in the water soaking up the sun .
A girl is being splashed by an ocean wave .
A woman is sitting in the water .
A woman splashes in water , with others in the background .
A girl stands up with a glass of beer to make a toast at a couple 's wedding .
A lady brings a drink to a seated couple comprised of a woman wearing a long white dress and a man in a dark suit .
A newlywed couple speak with guests at their wedding .
Several people sit at a table in formal clothing .
The bride and groom are getting served a drink at their wedding reception .
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake .
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake .
A dog swimming in a pond .
A dog treads through dark green water .
The black and white dog is swimming in the river .
a bunch of people in camo pants run .
A group of men and woman wearing army pants and a white shirt are running .
A group of men in camouflage pants and white t-shirts are running in a drill yard .
A group of people in army pants running .
A group of people wearing army clothes run together down the street .
a brown and white dog jumping over blue and white poles.
A brown and white dog jumps over a dog hurdle .
a brown and white dog jumps over a purple and white hurdle in a field .
A dog runs through an obstacle course .
Brown and white dog jumps over purple and white bar .
A group of people gathered around a mural in an urban area.
A group of people painting the side of a building in an array of colors .
A mural is being painted on a wall .
Many people work on a brightly-colored street mural .
several people painting a colorful mural on a wall.
A bearded man and a bald man carrying prizes at a carnival .
A man holding plastic toys looks away while a man wearing a white hat smiles at the camera .
Two bearded men at a fair .
Two men one with a beard at a carnival .
Two men standing in front of an amusement park ride.
A black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water .
A black dog carefully crosses over some water .
Black dog looking at his reflection in the water .
Black dog near a dock looks into murky water.
the black dog jumps on a cinderblock .
A fat woman wearing a blue tank top and a backpack , eating a chili cheese dog.
An obese woman holding a chili dog in her right hand .
A woman holding a giant hot dog covered with mustard .
A woman in a blue shirt with a backpack eating a hot dog .
A woman in a blue tank top eats a chili cheese hot dog .
A dirt biker in red speeds on clay road while being videotaped by a man in black .
a man wearing a red uniform rides his bicycle up a rocky hill.
An off road biker is photographed as he performs another stunt in the dirt .
A person riding on a dirt bike while someone takes a picture .
The guy in red on a dirt bike is getting photographed .
A man dressed in green snowboarding on a bench .
A person in a green and white jacket and green pants is practicing on his snowboard .
A person in green pants on a snowboard above the snow covered ground .
A snowboarder in green is balancing on a wodden bench .
Someone in green pants is standing on a snowboard .
A blonde boy is holding a blue umbrella .
A little boy smiles as he holds a blue umbrella above him .
A wet boy stands under an umbrella .
The kid is under the blue umbrella .
The little boy in the blue t-shirt is smiling under the blue umbrella even though it is not raining .
Two females are standing next to each other and appear to be unexcited .
Two girls are standing by a wooden wall looking off to their left .
Two women with black hair stand in front of plywood .
Two young women are leaning up against a wooden wall .
Two young women , one with folded arms , look off screen .
A girl is sitting on a rock next to a waterfall .
An onlooker sits on the shore of a pool overlooked by massive waterfalls .
A person sits on a rock at the edge of a large waterfall .
A person sitting on a rock by a fall .
A woman is sitting on a rock next to a large waterfall .
A family sitting on rocks posing for the camera .
The couple have children sitting in their laps on the rocky hillside .
The four people sit on a pile of rocks .
Two adults and two children pose on a pile of rocks .
Two adults and two children sitting on rocks for a picture.
A large white bird goes across the water.
A white bird is flying off the water surface .
a white bird preparing to catch something in the water.
The large white bird 's reflection shows in the water .
White bird walking across wet sand .
Three african american women are dressed in bright orange and brown dresses and head scarves .
three African women in traditional orange costume are gathered in front of a yellow curtain .
Three women are dressed in African clothes , and two of them are putting on make-up .
Three women wearing traditional apparel make the final touches on their clothing .
Women are putting their robes and headdresses on .
A group of mountain bikers race each other down a dirt hill .
A group of people do tricks on motorbikes .
Dirt bikers riding off a jump .
Four motorcycle racers are on a dirt track .
Four motorcycles are racing on a dirt track .
A man is wading in a river and casting out a rope .
A man standing in a lake fishing .
A man wearing a red jacket and knee high boots is fly fishing .
A young man in little shorts fishes in a stream .
There is a man fly fishing in a river with trees behind him .
