A child swings high at a park .
A young child swinging on a swing at a playground.
Two children swinging on swings.
Two kids are swinging on a playground .
Two young children ride on the swings at a playground .
Four rugby players on the ground with two standing behind them .
Members of two soccer teams struggle on the field to get the ball .
Soccer players on the ground fighting for the ball .
The rugby players in red are wrestling the player in yellow to the ground .
Three members of the red team are in the grass with a member of the yellow team .
A girl with a black dress and big white bow stands with her back to the camera .
many people gather outside .
People stand outside watching something .
People with costumes are gathered in a wooded area looking the same direction .
The back of a woman in costume ; little girl looks at her.
A brown and white dog is playing with a toy in a field of green grass and clover .
A brown and white dog retrieving a white plushie toy in a field of clover .
A distorted photo of a playing dog in a flower field.
A dog in grass carrying a toy in its mouth .
The little brown dog is running through a clover field with a white object in its mouth .
A jogger runs up brick stairs for streght training .
A man is skating down a set of stairs .
A skateboarder jumps on brick stairs .
A young man skateboards around the empty outdoor sports arena .
The man is skateboarding on a large brick staircase .
A boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .
A boy wearing a helmet flips up his scooter as he skates between orange cones .
A person wearing a helmet begins to fall from a silver scooter .
A woman is about to fall off a scooter .
This person is falling off a scooter , in a parking lot .
A woman in a blue sweater with a blue scarf around her head .
A woman in a head covering is looking away from the camera .
A woman is wearing a blue headscarf and a blue sweater .
A woman wearing a teal cardigan with a teal scarf and sunglasses on her head .
There is a woman with a green scarf around her head .
A pelican flies over the water .
A very large bird flying over water .
A white Pelican is flying over the ocean .
The white pelican is flying over the ocean .
white gull flying over ocean.
A person in a red hat and shoes doing stunts on a red bike while a person in yellow watches .
A person is doing a trick in the air on a bike while his friend takes a picture .
A red bike jumps toward a person in yellow .
Boy in midair on bicycle.
Person doing bicycle jump.
A small black dog is standing on two feet and wearing a pink tutu .
Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers .
The dog is jumping up beside a red wall .
The small brown and black down is wearing a pink tutu .
The small dog wearing a tutu stands on its hind legs .
a man riding a bike through the forest.
A mountain biker rides through a shady trail .
A mountain biker travels along a dirt trail inside a heavily wooded area .
A person biking near trees .
Bicyclist in racing gear rides through forest area .
There are two ladies embracing and posing shown here .
Two girlfriends smiling .
Two women have their arms around each other and are smiling .
Two women smile for the camera .
Two women with their arms around each other smile .
A closeup shot of three guys and a girl posing for the camera .
A woman and three men are posing for a photo.
A woman wearing glasses poses for the camera with three men .
A woman with her arms on the cheeks of two men on either side of her pose while another man peeks over her head .
Three men and a woman posing for picture.
A woman and a girl sitting on a front lawn.
A woman and girl wearing traditional clothes , sits on the front lawn , reading from a book .
A woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl .
The girl and a lady are sitting on a blanket , reading a book .
Two women sitting on a blanket on the lawn while sharing a book .
A boy and his bike leaps into the air .
A boy does tricks on a bicycle while in a park .
A boy doing a trick on a bike.
A boy is doing tricks on his bike as he flies in the air .
This young biker has his arms out as he tries this trick .
a red covered boat racing across the water.
A red high speed racing boat skips across the water .
A red speed boat crosses the water .
A watercraft speeds through the water .
Red boat marked GRAHAM races across water .
A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .
A man in a pink shirt playing guitar .
A man in a white suit and a pink shirt plays guitar .
A man wearing pants plays a guitar while onstage .
The man in the white and pink outfit is holding a guitar .
greyhounds racing on a track.
A greyhound race with the lead dog wearing yellow and black stripes and the number 8.
Dogs racing at a track .
Greyhound dogs race on the track , with # 8 leading the way .
Some greyhound dogs are racing on a dirt track .
a bmx rider , wall rides .
A man does a trick with his bicycle off the side of a wall .
A man jumps with his bike near a brick wall .
Man is performing a trick with a bicycle off a brick wall .
The man rides his bicycle up the brick wall .
A group of young boys on opposing teams are playing soccer .
Children playing soccer near the goal net .
Four boys playing soccer .
Four children run along a grassy field playing soccer .
The young boy in the red shirt is kicking a soccer ball .
A bunch of little boys in bathing trunks running .
Two wet boys in swim trunks run .
two young boys competing in a race .
Two young boys in bathing suits walk.
Young boys running along the pavement .
A man surfing .
A person surfs in the ocean .
A surfer catching a large wave in the ocean .
Surfer riding a wave.
Surfer wearing a wetsuit at the crest of a wave .
A girl in a colorful dress and sunglasses is playing a violin on the street .
a red haired woman playing the violin.
A woman in a dress plays violin outside .
A woman plays a violin outdoors .
A woman wearing a plaid dress plays an instrument while standing near a tree .
a dog drinks the sprinkler water .
A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass .
A small terrier plays in a sprinkler .
The little black and white dog is running in the sprinkler .
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water .
A woman and three children are jumping into a swimming pool .
Children jumping in a pool surrounded by pool chairs and huts .
Children jump off the edge into a pool .
Three girls jump into a pool .
Three girls wearing goggles are jumping into a swimming pool together .
A boy on a play horse at the park points to the slide .
a boy rides a toy horse .
A little boy is riding a mechanical horse at the playground .
A small boy rides a on a playground toy while pointing to a slide .
A young fair skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground .
A bunch of vintage cars are parked in a lot .
An antique car that is yellow is shown lined up with other cars .
People admire classic cars .
Several old fashioned cars are parked together .
Some old people admiring classic cars park in front of them .
A couple in a parking lot .
A couple walks past a car in a parking lot .
A man and a woman are walking past a car with a fancy symbol on the front .
A man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament.
A man and woman walking next to a red car with an unusual hood ornament .
A brown and black dog is jumping through a sprinkler .
A dog playing with a sprinkler.
A German Shepherd runs through a sprinkler .
A tan and black dog jumps through a water sprinkler in the yard .
The German shepherd dog is jumping up as it is being squirted with a jet of water .
A man performing martial arts kicks his opponent .
During a martial arts match , a man attempts to kick the other in the face .
Two men compete in a karate tournament .
Two people dressed in karate outfits are fighting .
Two people in white with black belts are having a karate match .
A bike in a field and two kites.
A kid is riding a bike in an open field .
A landscape picture of a motorcyclist and a person flying kites .
Kites attached to wheeled devices in a field.
two people fly kites in a field.
A group of people ride in a race.
A large group of bicycles riding their bikes .
Bicycles in a race .
Bikers participate in a race .
There are many men racing on their bicycles .
A boy in jeans , black t-shirt , and blue cap on a bike , leaps over steps .
An Asian man in a black shirt and jeans rides his black and red bicycle down a railing .
A teenager performs a railgrind on his bicycle .
Man sliding down stair handrails on a bike .
This man has balanced his bicycle on a handrail .
A man and woman sitting in chairs next to a turquoise truck .
An older couple chats near a bright colored car .
There is a man and a woman sitting on folding chairs , outside next to a truck .
Two old people sitting in chairs talking in front of a hill .
Woman and man sit next to their green truck .
A baseball player dodges a ball with his bat high in the air .
A baseball player in a white uniform is walking to base while a crowd of people watch from the bleachers .
A baseball player near home plate .
A baseball player raises the bat above his head .
A baseball player runs to catch the ball .
A black dog is colliding with a golden dog that has something in its mouth .
A black dog trying to mate with a brown dog.
A brown dog and a yellow dog play fight over a plastic bottle .
A brown dog is climbing over a golden dog that is carrying bottle in its mouth .
Two dogs play with a bottle .
A balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display .
A bald man wearing glasses .
A man in a brown coat in front of a sign with a tree .
A man wearing glasses and a blazer stands in front of a billboard sign .
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck .
An elderly woman is crying while sitting in a window .
An elderly woman is sitting by a window reading .
A woman reads a book in front of a window .
A woman with her head down and her hand to her mouth sitting beside someone reading .
There is an old woman in front of a window .
Four dogs are playing and jumping in the air outside .
Four dogs jumping in the air in a field .
Four dogs look at an object in the sky , one jumping to reach it .
Four dogs watch an unseen object , two of them leaping in the air .
Two dogs on hind legs and two seated dogs are looking at something in the air .
A man balances a knife on his arm as another man watches .
A man has a knife on his arm and another man is watching .
A man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby .
A young man shows off a knife trick to another .
The man in the bright colored shirt is balancing a knife on his arm .
A baby is lifted into the air by a man wearing no shirt .
A child being held over the head of an adult .
A man and a young child .
A man with no shirt holding a baby aloft .
Man raising young boy into the clear blue sky .
One man kicks another in the shoulder at a martial arts event .
Two martial artists compete in a match .
Two men are participating in a karate match .
Two men in an oriental fighting contest .
Two men in karate uniforms kicking each other .
a large woman puts her sunglasses on .
A woman in a black dress holding sunglasses .
a woman wearing a black and white outfit while holding her sunglasses .
The lady is holding her glasses .
The woman with blond hair holds her sunglasses .
A man is posed standing on one hand on a skateboard ramp .
A man on inline skates in midair.
a skateboarder wearing a white cap is doing a stunt in a city skate park .
A young man is skateboarding on a ramp and is standing on one arm .
Man standing on one arm with feet in the air on playground equipment with a body of water in the background .
two people leaning against a railing outside the enterance of a building.
Two people standing on a porch .
Two woman stand near a door .
Two women standing outside community library.
Two women stand outside a library .
A man jumping onto a platform .
A man on the edge of a wall about to fall off .
A man on inline skates does a trick on a cracked concrete ramp .
A man with Rollerblades grinding a curb .
The man does a trick on his skateboard on a concrete ramp .
A little girl looks at a birthday cake while a man holds a baby .
A man , baby , and child sit in front of a birthday cake .
A man holding a baby and an older child admire a birthday cake with candles .
A man holding a baby with a girl and a birthday cake .
Candles are lit on a cake while a man holds a baby .
A bicycler balances his bike on a rail .
A biker is riding down the stairs on his bike at night .
A boy rides his red bicycle down the handrail of a staircase in a city .
A guy grinding a rail in a park on his bike.
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail .
A lady sitting on a front porch reading a book .
A person sits at a doorstep and reads a book .
A woman is reading literature and sitting on the front stoop of a building .
A woman sits and reads in the stoop of a wooden door .
A woman sits and reads on the front stoop of her building .
A man and a young child walk along the beach shore .
A man and toddler are walking along the beach in front of the ocean .
A man at the beach holding a pail , standing next to a child .
A man with a bucket and a girl in a hat on the beach .
The man is wearing a black shirt , holding a pail , and walking with a child next to the water .
A little girl buried in the sand .
A little girls waist high in sand.
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .
The little girl in the yellow hat is buried up to her waist in the sand on the beach .
The small baby in a yellow has the lower half of her body buried in sand .
A little girl rides a toy bike and laughs .
A little girl rides a tricycle .
A little girl rides a tricycle .
A young girl rides on a toy bicycle with her mouth open .
Little girl riding her toy on the sidewalk .
A dog standing in a rocky area .
A small brown dog stands on a driveway near wooden poles with his tongue sticking out .
Orange dog looks over shoulder , near posts in rural area .
The golden dog is standing by logs in a parking lot .
The light brown dog is in an uncrowded parking lot.
A baby in a baby seat wearing a red beanie that says " love " .
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll .
A baby with red hat sits in his stroller .
a litttle baby plays with her teddy bear .
Baby wearing red hat in car seat .
A girl in a costume participates in a parade .
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street .
A girl in a red and white costume with onlookers behind her .
A small girl dancing in a parade wearing bright red and gold clothes .
Children in flamboyant red , white , and gold costumes dancing in a parade .
A child in a black cap sleeping across two chairs .
A small boy in a hat asleep on a padded bench .
A small child sucks his thumb while sleeping with a pink blanket on a multi-colored seat .
A young boy wearing a dark blue hat sleeps on a bench at a terminal .
Small boy sleeping on seats and sucking his thumb .
Two boys are playing on a trampoline .
Two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline .
Two teenage boys in black swim trunks play on a trampoline .
Two wet boys in swim trunks are sitting on a trampoline.
Young laughing boys on a wet vinyl mat .
A man dressed in an Indian costume plays the drums .
A man in black-yellow carnival feathers , playing the drum .
A man in costume drums in a parade .
A man wearing an Indian costume is playing a snare drum .
There is a man in a black and yellow outfit playing the drums .
There are two kids in swimmies playing outside next to some trees .
Two boys with long blond hair are climbing on a hillside .
Two boys with water wings climb a tree .
Two children posing for a picture wearing water wings and sitting on a rock .
Two little boys are sitting on a clump of dirt .
A girl in water-wear has skipped a stone off an enclosed body of water .
A girl throws rocks into a lake .
A girl throws stones and watches the lake splash .
a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake .
A woman skipping rocks on a lake.
A blond child is playing with a metal yard ornament .
A child dressed in blue sits next to plants .
A child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed .
A child plays outside by a garden .
A small child is sitting playing with an adornment in a small garden .
A boy with blue eyes hanging off a play set .
A child smiles and hangs off a small train .
A little boy is hanging off a red playground .
A young boy smiling while hanging from outdoor play equipment .
A young boy with blue eyes plays on a red and yellow playground set .
A little boy puts a bat on his forehead and spins around .
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass .
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass .
Little boy puts his forehead on the baseball bat and spins around to make himself dizzy .
The little boy is wearing red shorts and a white t-shirt and has his head resting on a baseball bat .
A woman points at somthing while antoher woman touches her hand at a bar .
Men and women are standing closely together , some with drinks in their hands .
The girls are having a drink .
two girls drink at a party .
While at a party drinking , a woman points at someone while her friend tries to put her hand down .
A man dressed in black is smoking a cigarette .
A man in a black shirt and a cast smokes a cigarette .
A man in a black shirt with a cigarette in front of others .
A man in black smokes a cigarette in a basement .
A man stands near a wall and smokes a cigarette .
A large man at a party , with a drink in his right hand .
A large man in white dances in the middle of a crowd holding a beverage in his hand .
A robust man with his mouth open in a white shirt and glasses holding a drink near other people .
Bearded overweight man carrying drink and yawning .
Overweight man with beard in white shirt holding a drink at a bar , dancing .
A man in a patterned shirt holds a beer bottle .
A man in a printed shirt holding a drink .
A man smiles for the camera with a beer in hand .
A man with a beer in his hand and people behind him .
A man with brown hair is wearing a button up shirt .
A girl dressed in black is posing for the camera .
A woman dressed in black .
A woman in black clothes with one leg up .
A woman in black leggings and beige cowboy boots .
A woman is propping her leg up revealing cleavage , a great tatoo , and some kicking boots .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt is sitting at the table and drinking a milkshake.
A small young girl in a pink shirt drinking a large chocolate milkshake .
A young girl dressed in pink with a hair barrette pursing her lips at a big chocolate milkshake .
A young girl is staring at a large milkshake in a glass .
A young girl looks excitedly at a large milkshake .
There are two people with backpacks walking on the side of a grassy hill .
Two hikers are trekking across a sloping hillside with deep brush in spots .
two mountain climbers climbing up a large grassy mountain .
Two people are hiking up a grassy hill .
Two people in heavy clothes are walking up a gradual grassy incline .
A boy in a green shirt above something blue .
a small boy getting tossed into the air.
A young boy jumps around on a blue mat with a half-smile on his face .
A young boy plays in front of a blue object .
The boy wearing the green shirt is climbing on a blue inflatable .
A boy pitches in a baseball game .
A boy winding up for a pitch .
A young baseball player winds up to throw the ball .
A young person pitches in a baseball game .
The baseball player is throwing the ball .
A hiker ascends a snowy hill .
A man reaches the top of a tall sand dune .
A person is hiking to the top of a hill .
A person walks up a white sandy hill against the blue sky .
The person is wearing shorts and climbing a gray sand hill under a blue sky .
A brown dog with a green ball sit in the snow .
A brown fluffy dog lays in the snow with its green ball .
A dog sits in the snow with a tennis ball .
A little dog sits in the snow next to his green toy .
Dog in snow , with ice on fur and yellow ball .
Three girls do back flips and cartwheels in the surf .
Three girls do handstands at the beach .
Three girls doing back flips on the beach .
three little girls cartwheel in the ocean .
Three young girls playing on the beach .
a climber is scaling a reddish colored rock face .
a lone man climbing a huge rock wall.
A man climbing a cliff .
A man climbing a rock cliff .
The man is scaling a large copper boulder .
A blond toddler wearing a blue sweater , riding on a wooden toy .
A child in blue and yellow clothing is clinging to playground equipment with an adult nearby .
A little boy is playing on a playground rocking toy .
A toddler with a look of fear on his face is on playground equipment .
Boy in a blue shirt riding on a toy .
Many people wearing silver leotards are riding bikes on the street .
Several men in silver suits are riding bicycles across a street .
Three people in reflective clothing riding bikes .
Three people in reflective white on bikes .
Three people in silver suits are riding bikes in the city .
A couple shops at an antique store .
A woman in a yellow coat is seated next to a standing man in a red jacket in a diner .
a woman sitting on a stool wearing a tan leather jacket.
Three people at Asian tattoo parlor .
Two men and a woman looking at pictures in a tattoo parlor .
A woman in a yellow and black outfit is skiing .
A woman skier in yellow and black races down the slope in front of the snow-covered trees .
A woman skiing down a slope .
A woman snow skiing in a yellow jacket and black pants .
The woman in the yellow jacket is riding on snow skates .
A boy peeks his head through a painted picture .
A child poses within a mock pumpkin head .
A child stand behind a cutout picture .
little boy with face inside a painted pumpkin.
The child has his head in the frame of the painting .
A little boy with a bib on is watching the camera .
A small child in gray and orange winks their eye while holding silverware .
A tan-skinned child looking at the camera .
A young boy winks as he is eating .
The little boy is holding a spoon in his hand whilst winking one eye .
A blond boy slides into a green backyard pool .
A boy is splashing at the foot of a green water slide in a paddling pool .
A young boy splashing in a small blow-up pool with a green slide behind him .
Child is splashing around in a green and blue pool .
There is a small child playing in a green kiddy pool .
A girl dives into the water while another girl watches her .
A girl in a black two-piece is leaping into the water .
A woman in a bikini jumping off a dock into a lake .
A woman in a black two-piece bathing suit jumping into green water .
A woman in a black swimsuit is jumping in a lake .
A boy at the end of a slip and slide .
a boy is being splashed in the face whilst riding a blue ring along a yellow water slide.
A young boy slides down a water slide with his eyes closed .
A young boy slides on a Slip 'n' Slide .
A young boy splashes down a water slide on a lawn .
A boy hanging onto a pole .
A kid in a green shirt playing in the park.
A little kid swings on a pole at a playground .
The boy in the green shirt swings with one arm on the silver pole .
The boy is swinging on a pole at the beach .
a girl at a wedding holding some orange flowers.
A girl holds a bouquet of flowers.
A little girl at a wedding holds a bouquet of orange flowers .
A little girl holds orange lilies while others celebrate an occasion in a garden setting .
Young girl in orange dress holding orange flowers .
A girl in a swimsuit stands in the spray of water , a bicycle in the background .
A little girl in a green bathing suit is getting splashed in a water fountain .
A little girl reacts to a spray of water .
A young girl in a green bathing suit getting splashed with water .
A young girl wearing a green bathing suit has water sprayed on her back .
A baby girl in an orange dress gets wet as she stands next to a water sprinkler .
A blonde toddler wearing an orange dress is wet and standing beside a sprinkler in a yard .
A child in a dress is looking at a sprinkler.
A little girl in an orange dress is running through the sprinkler in the yard .
On wet grass , little blond girl in orange dress plays in sprinkler .
One dog is standing whilst two other dogs are running in the snow .
Three dogs are playing around in the snow .
Three dogs chasing each other in the snow .
Three dogs play in snow .
Two dogs play together in the snow .
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them .
The dogs are playing in the snow .
Three dogs are in the snow , and one is wearing a winter coat .
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket .
Three dogs playing in the snow , with a city in the background .
A white dog is running along a path outside .
A white dog travels along a narrow path in a park setting .
A yellow dog running along a forest path .
The two-tone dog is running down the trail .
White dog traveling alone down a paved path through some woods.
A dog is jumping over a log in a wooded area while carrying another log .
A dog with a stick in his mouth jumps over a fallen tree in the forest .
Dog carries stick and jumps over a log .
The dog carries a stick and jumps over a log in the woods .
The dog jumps over the log with a stick in its mouth .
A black and brown dog is running between two cement barriers with snow .
a dog runs down the cold aisle .
Black and tan small dog walking with perked ears .
The black and brown dog walks toward the camera , in an enclosed , snowy area .
The brown and black dog is running through a snowy street .
A furry dog is running through a doorway leading to plants .
A furry , tan dog is outside on a patio .
A short , furry dog stands on a brick floor in front of a group of potted plants .
A very hairy dog is running down a hall .
Flowers are behind the fluffy dog that is coming up the step .
A brown and black dog runs through the leaves .
A brown dog is running .
A brown dog with a red collar jumping across a leafy lawn .
A dog with a brindle-colored coat is running across the yard .
The brown dog is wearing a red collar .
A crowd walks along a sidewalk of a farmers market .
A street market filled with white tents , pedestrians , and vendors .
A woman looks over a table of organic vegetables at a farmer 's market .
Men and women walking on the sidewalk outside a marketplace .
Street with many white tents with display table with people walking nearby .
a fruit stand with a group of people standing around it .
A group of people are standing in Linet at a fruit stand .
A group of people shop for fruit at an urban farmers market .
Many people stand near a fruit vendor on a street .
People shopping at a fruit stand .
A group of people stand at a farmers market on a dreary day .
a white tented fruit stand with several people shopping in it .
People shop for fresh produce at an outdoor market in the city .
People visiting a street market .
Several people shop at an outdoor farmer 's market on a cloudy day .
a busy highway scene with a woman crossing a crosswalk on the left.
A lady crosses a busy road on the crosswalk .
A woman crosses a street while traffic lines up in the opposite direction .
Street with traffic with one person in crosswalk , two others at corner and one person sitting on ground .
Woman walking in crosswalk near a busy street .
a firetruck fights a fire .
a yellow firetruck is parked next to a fire with a man on a ladder pouring water on it.
Firefighters putting out a big fire .
Fireman fighting a fire .
People putting out a fire .
A black dog is swimming while carrying a tennis.
a black dog swimming in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth.
a black dog swims through the water with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog swims in water with a blue and green tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog with a ball in its mouth swims in the water .
A brown dog is chewing on a bone with a stuffed animal underneath it .
a dog chews on a bone .
Big brown dog chews on bone lying down .
Big hairy dog chews on a bone while lying on a furry toy .
Brown dog chews on bone while laying on the rug .
Two small white dogs are in a yard chasing a red ball .
Two small white dogs chasing after a red ball .
Two small white dogs chasing a red ball.
Two West Highland Terriers chase a red ball .
Two white dogs chase after a red ball in a yard in front of a white fence .
Four dogs are being walked by two owners .
Four dogs on leashes walk down a sidewalk .
Four little dogs on leashes take a walk on a wide path .
Four small dogs on leashes walking in a park .
Someone is walking their dogs .
A white dog and two black dogs playing.
A white poodle and 2 black poodles are playing on the grass .
A white poodle and two black poodles are playing in the grass on an autumn day .
A white poodle is climbing over a black poodle , who is in turn climbing over another black poodle .
Two black dogs and one white dog interact .
A boy is putting the cone end of a melting ice cream cone in his mouth .
A boy with his eyes closed eats the bottom of an ice cream cone .
A young boy eating ice cream .
A young boy wearing a big watch eats an ice cream cone .
Little boy is eating the rest of the ice cream cone from the bottom up .
a man fishes in the ocean .
A man fly fishes in the ocean .
A man fly fishing .
A man is fishing in knee-high waves of water .
The person is fishing , with waves splashing around him .
A brown dog plays with a stick .
A brown dog wearing a key is playing in the dirt .
A lean light brown dog has his head down on the ground playing with a stick .
A tan dog rests his head in the sand .
Two dogs and a person .
Two cyclists atop a hill as seen from below .
two cyclist wearing red shirts going over a red hill.
Two people in red outfits riding their bicycles down a dirt road .
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road .
Two people riding their bikes on a hill .
A man and a woman are biking on a sunny day .
Man and woman cyclists ride pass signs on rural road .
Two bicyclists ride down a hill .
Two friends bike down a hill .
Two people are riding their bicycles on a dirt road.
A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .
A collie running through the snow .
A Sheltie dog carries a white-colored toy in its mouth as it walks across the snow .
Dog with a toy in the snow .
The dog wades through deep snow with something in its mouth .
A black dog in a pink sweater is up on his hind legs in front of a pink blanket .
A dog on two feet wearing a pink sweater .
A dog wears a pink sweater .
a little puppy wearing a pink sweater , jumps .
The dog is wearing a pink sweater .
A girl wearing a brown jacket and blue jeans has on some white headphones and is walking .
A girl wearing earphones walks past a traffic cone .
A woman in black and red listens to an Ipod , walks down the street.
A woman wearing headphones is walking past a road cone .
A woman wearing headphones walks down the street .
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land .
The two dogs are fighting outside in the snow .
Two brown dogs playing in snow.
two dogs are wrestling in a snow covered field .
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground.
A man crouched in the bare branches of a fallen tree .
A man in a white shirt and khaki pants crouches on a fallen tree trunk .
A man in tan capris , brown sandals , and a white t-shirt , crouches on the trunk of a tree .
A man is crouched on top of a horizontal tree .
A man sitting in the middle of branches on a fallen tree .
A black dog carries a huge stick in its mouth .
A black dog is carrying a huge stick whilst walking in the snow .
A dog carries a huge , snow covered stick .
A dog carries a very large tree branch in the snow .
The brown and white dog carries a very large stick across the snow .
A black dog and a brown dog are standing next to each other in the snow .
A little tan dog is in confrontation with a large black dog in the snow .
A scruffy golden dog meeting a black Doberman in the snow .
Two dogs in the snow .
Two dogs standing in snow .
A dog walking along the side of a house in the snow .
A white dog is walking by a building in the snow .
A white dog next to a basement window .
a white dog walking on some rocks along a house in the snow .
A white dog walks in the snow.
a brown dog about to jump on a smaller black and tan dog.
Large dog playing with smaller dog.
Two dogs are playing together outside .
Two dogs playing in the grass with an adult nearby .
Two dogs playing with each other .
A black dog runs along a field where black birds are beginning to fly .
A dark colored dog running in a field with multilple birds in the background .
A dog runs at birds taking flight.
A grey dog chases a bunch of crows , a river in the background .
The dog chases the birds in the field .
a boy plays with a train set .
A boy takes off his glasses while playing with his toy trains .
A little boy is playing with some trains .
a small child wearing a blue shirt playing with his glasses .
A young boy pulling down his eye glasses and looking a toy trains.
A girl in a white cap eats a slice of fruit next to a girl in a blue cap who is eating chocolate .
One young girl eats fruit while another eats chocolate .
Two children taking in a snack .
Two girls sitting in the grass wearing hats eat snacks .
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside .
A brown dog is carrying a toy in the snow .
A dog running with something in its mouth.
a dog runs across the snow .
A dog with a frisbie in his mouth is running in a snowy field .
Tan dog with a toy running in the snow .
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth.
A closeup of a small black and white dog with a baseball in its mouth .
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth .
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth , field and building .
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth .
A person peaks their head out of a tent set up in a snowy field .
A woman emerges from her snow covered tent .
a woman sticking her head out of her tent on the side of a snowy moutnain .
A woman wearing glasses and a hat pokes her head through the door of a tent on a snowy day .
The camper opens up to see snow all around .
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain .
A woman in a tank and sunglasses climbs a sunny but snow-covered slope .
A woman wearing a black hat and white sunglasses walks up a snowy and steep path .
A woman wearing short sleeves and sunglasses is backpacking up a snowy mountain cliff .
Woman climbing a snow covered mountain looking at people behind her .
A hiker climbs a mountain on a windy day .
a man walking up a mountain with snow on the surface.
A person hikes across a grass and snow covered plain.
Person walking across a snow covered mountain .
The man carries a large backpack while hiking through snow-covered terrain .
A girl treks through the snow with her backpack on .
A hiker is climbing up a snowy mountain .
A hiker using hiking poles on a snowy mountain .
Someone hikes through a snowy mountain range.
The woman is hiking up a snowy hill .
A man gesticulates .
A man in a white shirt holding both hands out .
An elderly male wearing a white Wal Mart smock with his arms and hand extended in front of him .
A old man in a Wall Mart unifrom holds his arms out to the camera .
a walmart worker wearing a white coat .
A brown and white dog is standing on its hind legs reaching for a ball .
A dog jumps to meet a soccer ball flying towards it .
A dog stands on one leg and tries to get a soccer ball .
Black and white dog jumps for ball .
The brown and white dog is jumping up in an attempt to catch a ball .
A guy on inline skates with a white hat is on a yellow rail .
a male skater is riding a yellow rail.
A man Rollerblades across a yellow pole at night .
An inline skater boy balances on a yellow rail .
A skater does a trick on a yellow handrail .
A dog jumping up to touch a woman 's hand .
a dog jumps to an elderly woman .
An airborne dog on a leash with a woman .
The small dog is leaping in the air toward the woman 's hand .
The woman in the blue sweater encourages the dog to jump in the air .
a black dog digging through the snow .
A black dog digs in the snow .
A large black dog is digging in the deep snow .
A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow .
Black dog digging in white snow .
two big brown dogs running through the snow .
Two brown dogs are running over snow in a line .
Two brown dogs walking through snow .
two dogs running in the snow.
Two weimaraners running in the snow .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking along a tan and blue wall.
A boy in stripes walking along a ledge .
a boy scales the wall .
A child in a striped shirt is walking along a wall .
Boy in striped t-shirt walking along a ledge .
A black and white dog , with a red cap on its head , yawning .
A dog that is wearing a red cap is standing by a guitar with its mouth wide open .
A dog wearing a hat stretches open its mouth .
A dog wearing a red hat opens its mouth wide .
The dog is wearing a red baseball cap , and has its mouth wide open .
A large black dog and a small brown dog are playing in the house .
A large black dog has his paw on a small brown dog .
A large black dog relaxes while a small brown dog investigates nearby a doorway .
two dogs play together .
Two dogs tussling on a dog bed , with a french door and a Persian rug in the background .
A black lab is running in a race .
A shiny black dog runs on the grass during a bright and sunny day .
The big , black , running dog is wearing a strap around its chest .
The black dog is running through the clearing .
The large black dog is running through a grassy area .
A woman at an outdoor food stand .
A woman makes a purchase at an outdoor vendor .
The woman in the red jacket looks as if she was buying something from the open air vendor .
The woman is purchasing a product.
Woman in red coat buying something from a street vendor .
A firefighter preparing to put a car fire out .
A firefighter responding to a car fire .
A fireman pulling out a firehose next to a blue car engulfed in flames .
The firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire .
The fireman is pulling the hose to a car fire .
A couple shopping for plants and flowers .
Man in brown jacket with his arm around person in black jacket at flower shop.
People are waiting outside a lawn and garden seller .
The man has his arm around the woman in a flower market .
The man has his arm on the woman as they shop in an outdoor market .
a dog on a leash jumps over a stone wall .
A dog on a leash tries to get over a rock wall .
A dog owner watches their dog climb over the rocky outline of a walking path .
Dog on a red leash with a woman .
Grey and white dog with red harness and leash going over a stone wall .
A Chinese Dragon at a.
A man stands between two flags and behind another man carrying a dragon mask .
An Asian man is carrying a green flag whilst leading a carnival dragon in a parade .
An elderly Asian man is bearing a green flag in a dragon parade .
Asian woman holding flag with costume dragon in the background.
A group of teenage boys on a road jumping joyfully .
Four boys running and jumping .
Four kids jumping on the street with a blue car in the back .
Four young men are running on a street and jumping for joy .
sveral young man jumping down the street.
A golden retriever on a leash moves through snow .
A large golden retriever on a leash standing in the snow .
A tan dog on a leash walks in the snow .
Tan dog on lead standing on surface covered with white snow .
The small dog on the leash is walking through the snow .
a man stands alone on the rocks .
A man stands on a rocky cliff overlooking a body of water .
A person is standing on jagged rocks above the water below .
A person with a backpack stands on a rocky bank beside a body of water .
Person standing on rocky edge of water with hilly land in background .
A black and white dog is running through the sand on a beach .
A brown dog with white paws running on the beach .
There are two dogs running on the beach outside .
Two dogs are playing on the beach together .
Two dogs run along a beach .
A man in a blue jacket widely opens his big blue eyes as a man behind him closes his eyes as he covers his mouth .
A man wearing a blue jacket looks at the camera .
A startled man wearing a blue jacket is looking at the camera .
A wide eyed guy in a blue jacket is holding a beer and standing next to a guy holding his nose .
Man in blue is posing for the camera .
A girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree.
One girl sitting down reading and another girl standing in front of her .
one girl sitting on a nech near a tree while another stands next to her on the sidewalk .
Two people on a street ; one sitting on the planter surrounding a tree .
Two women , one sitting and one standing , near a tree .
A man walking a small white and a big white dog on leashes .
A man walking down a sidewalk with 2 dogs on leashes .
A man walking two dogs down a street .
A man walks two dogs in the city .
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street.
The back of two men 's heads riding on a train .
The backs of the heads of two men that are plugging their ears while riding the subway .
Two guys are sharing headphones and are listening to music on a subway .
Two men on a busy subway , seen from behind ,.
Two people sitting together on a subway listening to earphones .
A man attached to strings is watched by a crowd .
A man stands below a crowd .
People on a cruise ship deck , and overlooking the deck .
People stand on the balcony and deck of a boat .
The people on the balcony are controlling the man in the white shorts like a puppet .
A dog 's mouth opens to expose its sharp teeth .
a dog tries to bite another dog .
two black and white dogs fighting with each other.
Two dogs play on the wooden floor inside .
Two dogs play with each other on a wood floor .
A bald man stands in a snowy side street .
A bald man wearing a jacket looks at icy sidewalk .
A man is standing on an icy street with a building beside him .
A man wearing a gray coat looks to the right on a snowy street .
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street .
A small white dog jumping to catch a tennis ball .
A small white dog stands on one leg to catch a ball .
A white dog is in the air with a ball in its mouth .
A white dog is leaping into the air to catch a ball in its mouth .
A white dog with a black collar jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
One child reaches up for something while another stands beside him .
One child with a colourful toy and another child reaching up .
Two babies in sweaters playing with a toy .
Two children have expressions of happiness as they reach for something out of sight .
Two kids playing on a street.
A military man says hello to a group of children waving American flags .
a veteran in a brown uniform at a parade with children and American flags.
Military official greets children who are waving American flags .
The man in the military uniform greets children waving American flags .
Young children waving American flags for a soldier.
A black dachshund sniffs another dog wearing a striped shirt .
A dog wearing a striped sweater touches noses with another dog .
A white dog wearing a zepra print shirt is nose to nose with a black dog wearing a pink collar .
A white dog with a sweater on and a black and brown dog touching noses .
Two dogs meeting nose to nose .
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow .
Dogs play in the snow .
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two dogs play in the snow .
A brown dog carries something in his mouth while walking through snow .
A dark-colored dog walking across snow with something in its mouth .
A dog carries an object in the snow .
A dog walks through the snow while blindfolded carrying something in his mouth .
The brown dog has an object in his mouth .
A man is shoveling snow during a sunrise .
A man stands in the snow as the sun sets .
A mist overshadows a man in winter gear and the winter landscape in front of him .
A person stands in a snowy area looking down .
Man walking through the deep snow at dusk .
A black and gray dog.
two black dogs fight .
two black poodles fighting .
Two black poodles playfully tussle on a grassy , manicured lawn .
Two small black dogs facing each other with their mouths open .
A big dog is running in the grassy field with woods behind him .
a dog runs across the land .
A German Shepherd jumping in midair .
A German shepherd leaps in midair .
Black and brown dog runs through field .
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet .
A dog on wood floor is staring at a yellow ball that is lying on orange carpet .
A little brown dog stares at a tennis ball on an orange carpet .
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug .
The dog crouched on the orange rug and stared at the tennis ball .
A man in a cap with a goatee leans against the window and reads a magazine .
A man sitting on an empty train.
A man with a black hat and black beard is reading a magazine sitting on a blue bench .
A man with a hat sits in a booth and reads .
The man reading a magazine is sitting in the large room .
A person in uniform is standing in front of a toll bridge .
A woman in a bright safety jacket is standing next to large pipes .
A woman wearing a fluorecent safety jacket stands near equipment .
a woman wearing a neon jacket standing next to a large machine .
The woman is wearing a yellow jacket and blue pants .
A black and white dog is leaping from a snowy path .
A brown and white dog jumps in the air to catch a snowball .
A dog jumps up and tries to catch a lump of snow .
Dog jumping to catch falling snow out in the woods .
The white and brown dog leaps into the air , above snow covered ground .
An asian lady in a red jacket taking a photo.
An Asian woman is taking a photograph outside a white columned building .
An older dark haired woman is taking a picture.
A woman in a red coat takes a picture near marble columns at twilight .
A woman wearing a red coat begins to take a picture .
A group of young boys fight over a bag of trash .
Three boys are struggling with one another and reaching for bag of litter .
Three boys standing in a yard with a bunch of paper .
Three people are outside with something on the grass .
Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag .
A lady standing outside a street with a red purse and scarf on .
A person dressed in red and black outside a cracked wall .
A woman is walking with a red bag .
A woman standing by a car in a garage dressed for winter weather in a red knit scarf , black gloves and hat and red handbag .
The woman wears a blue coat , black hat , and red scarf , while holding a red bag .
animals in the snow.
Two black and tan dogs are fighting in snow .
Two dogs are laying in the snow with their mouths open .
Two dogs try to bite each other while laying in the snow .
Two dogs wrestle in the snow .
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse .
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road .
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse .
A person in a blue cowboy hat rides a horse down a dirt trail .
The person in the blue shirt and blue hat is riding a white horse .
a man climbs a mountain .
A man climbs the side of a mountain .
A shirtless man climbs a wall in nature .
One man is climbing a rock wall , while another man , below , holds a rope .
two men climbing a mountain.
A rock climber .
There are two people rock climbing , one is on the ground while the other climbs .
two men climb a large rock .
Two people rock climbing .
Two rock climbers scaling a sheer cliff .
A blond climber with a white shirt is scaling a stone cliff .
a lone man climbing the side of a large rock wall .
A person climbing a rock face .
a rock climber.
A young man is climbing up a rock face with one rope dangling down .
A man in a lime green vest directs traffic.
A policeman wearing a green vest blows his whistle and moves his arms .
A policeman wearing a neon green vest has a whistle in his mouth while directing traffic .
A police officer in a yellow vest directs traffic .
A traffic director wears a yellow safety suit marked , " Seattle Police  ".
A construction worker drills a hole into the ground .
A man wearing a hi-viz jacket is drilling into the road .
A man wearing a yellow vest works in the street .
The construction worker is drilling into the street near a street with active traffic .
The man in the construction gear uses a large , red drill .
A hiker on a snow-covered mountain overlooking a valley .
A man carrying a backpack stands on a snowy area .
A man in snow clothes and a red helmet is on top of a mountain with other mountains in the background .
a man wearing a huge backpack and blue jacket with many distant mountains in the background.
A smiling hiker poses on top of a snow-covered mountain.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled walk in the snow .
Child wearing a Green Bay coat carrying a red sled behind a child in a green and black coat .
Two children and walking through the snow carrying a sled .
Two small children in snow clothes are walking through the snow while one carries a red sled.
two young kids walking towards the sidewalk out of the snow .
A climber wearing a red shirt is climbing a rock face on a snowy day .
A man in a red shirt climbing a rock with his bare hands .
A man is climbing over a short but sheer rocky cliff .
A mean wearing a red shirt clinging to a rock face .
A person scales a rock .
A black and brown dog attempts to catch a red ball in its mouth .
A brown and black dog approaching a red ball .
A brown and black dog is trying to catch a red ball in its mouth .
A dog with mouth open to catch the red ball .
A tan and black dog opens its mouth for a red ball .
A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside .
a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another .
A man doing tricks in the snow .
A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine .
People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope .
People on laptops in front pf a large window .
There are two men and one female sitting down and looking at their laptops in front of a window .
Three people at with their backs to the camera at an internet bar .
Three people are sitting at a counter using laptop computers .
Three people work on their laptops inside a store .
A group of hikers climb rocky terrain .
Five backpackers hiking along a rocky slope .
five hikers walk down the hillside .
Five people with backpacks hiking down a rocky hill .
The hikers descend on the mountain .
A brown and black dog fetching a tennis ball in a lake .
A dog in water with its head cocked to the side looking at a ball .
A dog is running through the water chasing after a ball .
A dog is shaking off water in a lake as a red and green tennis ball floats by .
A dog playing with a ball in water.
A black and brown dog in a grassy , well-lit area with his mouth partially open .
A dog running fast with his ears flying .
Black and brown dog with mouth open upright on green grass .
The black and brown dog is running on the grass .
The black and brown dog is running with something in its mouth .
A dog in a life jacket sitting on a boat with a man in the cockpit .
A man looking at his small white dog wearing an orange life jacket.
a shite dog in an orange life vest looking at a man in a blue shirt while riding in a boat .
A white dog in a life jacket looks at a man in a boat .
A white dog with a life vest accompanies a man in a boat .
a boy wears a red coat .
A child in a red coat stands near a funny decoration .
A child wearing a coat looks back at someone .
The boy is dressed in a red coat and stands next to a statue .
The girl in the red jacket is next to a picture of a funny face .
A woman sits alone against a brick wall.
A woman sits at a restaurant with her back against a brick wall .
A woman sits in a cafe , looking out a window .
A woman sitting against a brick wall inside a building .
The woman wearing a blue shirt sits in front of a brick wall .
A blond woman is sitting in a brown leather chair while another woman is walking next to a store in the background.
A person sits in a brown chair and is holding bags in their hand .
a woman sitting on a large brown couch in the middle of a mall.
A woman is sitting in a brown chair in the center of a mall .
Three people , one sitting , two standing , are in a mall .
A man kneels on a dock while a dog jumps in the water next to him .
A man on a narrow dock plays with his dog that is jumping out of the water .
A woman kneeling on a dock throws a ball to a dog that is jumping in the water .
A woman kneels at the edge of a dock reaching toward a dog leaping nearby in the water .
Dog leaps from water while woman kneels on the dock playing with him.
A black and brown dog runs through the snow next to some trees .
A dog in the snow .
A dog is running in the snow .
A dog runs through the snow .
a dog with a shiny dog tags changes course of his stride.
A man is standing in front of glass doors with a blue spot and a pink spot .
A man is standing outside the glass doors of an art center .
A man stands at the entrance of Yerba Buena Center for the Arts .
A man walking through glass double doors .
Person standing at glass doors with big blue circle and big pink circle.
A medium brown dog is jumping over a short brick wall surrounding some dirt .
A puppy jumps off a low brick wall .
a small tan dog is jumping over a brick wall.
A small tan dog jumps off of a brick enclosed garden .
The small brown dog is leaping over the brick wall .
A brown dog is shown standing in the water near a muddy beach .
A dog happily plays in tidal overflow on a cloudy day .
A dog is playing in water on a beach .
A tan dog playing with a stick on the shore .
The dog runs through the water with a stick in its mouth .
Three dogs affectionately playing.
Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other .
Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass .
Two dogs biting another dog in a field .
Two dogs playfully bite a third dog , which has its tongue sticking out .
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it .
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass .
A man is walking a grey dog on the grass using a long leash .
A man walks a black dog on a very long leash .
A woman and a dog are in a field of bright green grass and brilliant blue sky .
A child is eating something very close to the camera while other children sit at a table behind him .
A little boy prestends to punch another kid in the temple while they are eating lunch .
Asian children eating together .
Three children eating food at a table .
Two asian children are looking at another child who is eating in a restaurant .
A boy holds a blue stick , as a man holds a pinata above him .
A child gets ready to swing at a pinata .
A young boy is getting ready to hit a pinata with a blue baseball bat .
Boy in red shirt getting ready to hit the pinata .
the young boy takes a swing at the pinata .
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow .
Two dog play in the snow .
Two dogs , one with a tennis ball in his mouth , play together in the snow .
Two dogs playing with a ball in the snow .
Two dogs play with a tennis ball in the snow .
A boy in red shorts rides a yellow body-board on a breaking wave .
A boy surfs on a yellow board across the bright blue wave .
A surfer with a yellow board rides a wave .
Guy on yellow surfboard catching a wave.
Young man rides ocean wave on yellow surfboard .
A black dog is digging in the snow .
A dog buries its head in the snow .
Dog on leash burrows into snow in rural area .
Dog with head in snow .
The large black dog is digging in the snow .
A group camps in a desolate area .
A group of people are camping out on some rocks .
A small group of people stands in a rocky field surrounded by camping equipment and patches of snow .
People with camping equipment on rocky ground .
three cold men set down their supplies in a ditch .
A girl with a pink headband and blue shirt is drumming on blue plastic and metal bowls with chopsticks .
A little asian girl banging on pans .
A young Chinese girl playing the drums with two chopsticks , a pot , and a blue plastic bowl .
A young girl with a pink headband hits a dish and pan with chopsticks .
The child is using chopsticks on overturned kitchen items .
A black dog is running in snow .
A brown and black dog running through snow-covered ground .
A dog is standing in the snow watching the camera.
A dog running on snow and ice .
A dog with black and brown fur runs in the snow .
A man in black looks out over a snowy landscape .
A man looks out over frozen tundra .
A man wearing black clothes , standing and looking out over a snowy scene .
A person in dark clothing takes a snapshot of a snowy scene .
A person taking pictures outside in the snow .
A girl spins a merry-go-round at a playground .
A little girl pushes a merry go round in a park while two other kids hold on  ee.
Children playing on a playground .
Children playing on a roundabout .
Little girl spinning playground merry-go-round as other kids ride .
A man in blue rock climbing .
A man , wearing glasses , is rock climbing .
a middle aged woman climbs a mountain .
An adult wearing a harness climbs in a rocky area .
Person in blue shirt scales wall .
A fluffy white dog runs through the woods with his ears flapping in the breeze .
A small white dog is running across a grassy field .
A white dog runs in the grass ,.
A white dog wearing a red harness runs though the woods .
The little white dog wearing the red collar is running in the grass .
a man dressed in a batman costume .
A man dressed like late 80 's movie Batman .
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume .
A man is wearing a Batman costume with a cape .
A person dressed as Batman poses for a picture .
A family of five is watching a performer standing on a stepstool .
A group of people watch a man standing on a stool dressed in a thong .
A half-naked performer is performing for a small crowd outside .
A man in a small bathing suit standing on a stool at a tourist location.
A mostly nude man standing on a stool while a family of 5 look at him questioningly .
A hiker in a red on a snowy peak .
A person in a red jacket and a red hardhat stands near a mountain .
A person wearing a red jacket and helmet walks up near the large rock .
A woman wearing a red work man 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains .
The person wearing the red hardhat is on the mountain .
A girl wearing glasses is in a blue harness while rock climbing .
Girl climbing rock wall.
Girl rock climbing on the rock wall .
The woman in glasses is climbing a steep rock wall .
Young woman climbing rock face.
A dog is running and jumping through the woods.
A dog races through the woods .
A dog running in the woods .
A dog running quickly through the woods .
a dog runs through the woods .
Two girls hanging upside down on a park structure .
Two girls hang upside down at a park.
Two girls play on a jungle gym .
Two little girls are hanging upside-down on a climbing frame .
Two young girls playing outside on the playground .
A black and tan dog is walking over a shoreline with many small sand hills .
a brown and black dog running on a shore near the beach .
a dog in the beach.
A dog walking on a wet beach .
A small black and tan dog walking in wet sand .
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background .
A dog running at the shore of a lake , hill in the background .
A white dog is running in a pond near the shore .
A white dog running through the water on the shore 's edge .
The white dog ran in the shallow water .
A surfboard is shown gliding through the water with a person standing on it .
A surfer rides a green board over the waves .
A surfer rides the wave out .
This man is surfing .
Waist down picture of a surfer riding a small wave .
A dachshund puppy jumps on a bed .
A puppy jumps on a bed with purple sheets .
A puppy on a bed with blue sheets and pillow .
A small black and brown puppy is looking up.
The dog is on the bed .
A group of dogs standing by a car.
A pack of dogs fighting near a car in an alley .
a pack of dogs roughhousing by a car on a dirty street .
Several dogs brawl in an alley near a silver car .
Three dogs look on as two dogs attack a third dog in the streets .
A few dogs swimming in a lake .
A group of dogs in water playing with toys and balls .
A group of dogs playing in a large pool .
Many dogs are swimming and playing in a fountain in a public park .
Several dogs swim in a pool and two black dogs are playing tug of war with a toy .
A child in a green cap sits at a boats controls .
A little kid dressed in blue , playing in a boat ,.
A small child in a cap is sitting on a large seat with hands through a steering wheel .
A small child in a pretend car .
The boy has his arms through the steering wheel.
A dog is jumping through the water .
A dog is splashing water into the air as it runs through a wet field of grass .
A medium sized dog running through puddles.
Dog carry leash in mouth runs through marsh .
White dog with leash running through water.
a child in an orange sweater is playing with a child in blue clothes on a white couch under a red painting .
A kid in a yellow shirt wrestles with a denim wearing kid on the white couch .
Two kids are wrestling on a white sofa .
Two toddlers wrestle on a white couch .
Two young boys playing on a white sofa .
A dark-skinned man in a green shirt with a green scarf looking at an electronic device .
A man in a green shirt and sweater looks at his cellphone .
A man wearing a green shirt looks down at a cellphone .
A teenager standing in a crowd of people texting on his phone .
Man with green shirt looks at phone .
A man in black stands between two huge soft toys at a fairground .
a police officer in the middle of a parade.
A police officer keeps watch a parade .
A police officer stands between dragons in a Chinese New Year celebration .
This policeman is standing in front of a ride at a carnival .
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign.
A man in a knit cap stands next to a brick wall .
A man standing in front of a brick building .
Man wearing black shirt standing in front of a red brick wall .
The man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign .
A brown dog walks through snow .
A brown puppy walking through the snow .
A dog looks curious at adventures lying ahead in the snow .
A dog walking in the snow.
A yellow puppy walking through the snow .
A black and white dog is running towards the viewer .
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field .
A dog running through a field towards a camera .
A dog with its ears up runs on brown grass .
A white dog running on dirt .
A brown dog is chasing after a yellow ball .
A brown dog is playing ball in a yard .
A dog chases after a yellow ball .
A puppy playing with a ball .
a small dog with a blue color fetching a yellow ball.
A boy drags his sled through the snow .
A boy in a blue jacket , carrying a red sled , running away , followed by a small dog.
A child running with a snowboard on a snow covered surface .
A child wearing a blue coat runs along the snow while a small dog follows .
A young boy plays with his dog in the snow .
A gyro chef in a white jacket and cap looking at gyro meat .
A large man wearing a white hat .
A man in a butchers uniform standing next to two large rolls of beef .
A man in white stands in front of gyro meat .
The chef is working at a restaurant .
A black dog jumps into the air to get a treat from its owner .
A black dog jumps up to a man 's uplifted hand .
A man demonstrating how high his black dog can jump .
Man in field with a black dog jumping at his raised arm .
The man is standing next to a dog , while the dog jumps in the air .
A corgie walks on a thin blue platform .
A dog runs out onto a swimming pool diving board .
A light brown and white dog walks on a thin railing .
A small dog walks along an elevated walkway .
A tan and white dog is walking on a beam .
A black dog jumping .
A brown dog is jumping on its hind legs .
a brown dog is leaping into the air in front of a wooden structure in a pine forest .
a brown dog jumping off the ground in the woods.
The dog leaps into the air in a field .
A large and small dog interact in a grassy field .
A small brown jumps in the air as a big brown dog watches .
A small dog stands next to a larger dog , out in a field .
Two dogs standing in the field .
Two dogs stand side by side in the yard .
There are women in St Patrick 's Day costumes.
Three women celebrate St Patrick 's day by dressing up in green and white on a busy street .
Three women dressed in green celebrating St Patricks Day .
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks .
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks .
A little girl holding her hand so that it looks the rainbow ends in her hand .
A young girl in front of a rainbow .
Girls posing with rainbow in the sky .
The girl is wearing a blue outfit and holding out her hand to a rainbow .
The young girl bent down to touch the rainbow .
A little boy in a red sweater is climbing a tree .
A little boy in red is climbing a tree .
A small child in a tree .
A toddler in a red sweatshirt and grey sweatpants in the branches of a tree.
A young boy in a red shirt plays in a tree .
a person wearing a white hooded sweatshirt covered with a blanket sitting on a bench reading.
A woman reads a paper on a bench in a park .
A woman sits on a bench reading a newspaper .
The person wearing the white sheet and white hoodie sits on the bench reading .
Woman wrapped in blanket sits on bench and reads in park .
Two men are standing outside a restaurant at dusk .
Two men drink stand in front of a brightly lit restaurant , drinking soda.
Two men outside of a restaurant .
Two men stand in front of a restaurant .
Two older men standing in front of a store of sorts .
A couple guys taking body shots off of a girl.
A guy is talking to his friend taking a picture of a girl taking shots .
A woman lies on a bar surrounded by people .
Three men in dress shirts in a bar , with a woman lying on the bar and a female bartender in the background .
Three young men are taking a picture of two girls at a bar with a camera-phone .
A dog is playing by itself on a beach that has recently seen snowfall .
A dog is running in the dirt and snow .
A dog running on the sand .
A dog walking along a snow drift .
A yellow dog is running down a sandy and snowy hill .
Silhouette of two people sitting on a dock at sunset.
Two people are sitting on a wooden dock on a lake at sunset .
Two people sit on a dock with a sunset in the background .
Two people sit on the pier together and look out at the ocean .
Two people sitting on a dock under a lamp post with clouds in the sky beyond them .
A man and a dog are sitting on a park bench with several people walking down the path that runs alongside it .
A man and a dog on a park bench in the foreground , with a group of walking people in the distance .
A man sits on a bench in the park with a dog , while others walk nearby .
People sit on a park bench while others jog on a path .
The man sits with his dog on a bench in a park .
A bearded man reads while sitting on a wall in a park .
a man reads his paper on the bench .
A man wearing a red shirt sits on a cement bench and reads the paper .
An old man sits outside reading a newspaper .
An old man with a white beard is reading .
A black and white dog runs on soft green grass .
A dog runs in a field with its tongue sticking out .
A dog runs on a filed with its mouth open .
The brown and white dog is running through the grass .
The dog is running on grass .
a man in a yellow shirt training a black poodle.
A man in a yellow sweatshirt and black pants plays with a black poodle .
A man wearing a yellow shirt is playing with his black poodle .
a man wearing a yellow sweater playing with a black dog in a grassy field.
Man in yellow jacket teaching his black dog to do a trick .
a group of men are fighting in front of a bar in a European city , one of them hitting another with a stick .
A group of people jumping away in a street.
Eight men fighting in the street .
Group of people fighting on a street .
Men fighting in front of a bar .
Two adults walking in the street in a suburban area.
Two distant boys walking down snowy street in urban area .
Two people walking across a street .
Two people walking on a street with barren trees .
Two people walking on the street with lots of bare trees around and snow on the ground .
An older woman in sunglasses sits behind a man in a yellow shirt .
An older woman with big sunglasses sits behind a man in a yellow shirt , perhaps at a ball game or other event .
An old white-haired lady wearing sunglasses is sitting behind a man in yellow .
Closeup of the side of an old woman 's face with oversized sun blocking glasses , gray hair and a gold earring .
Older woman wearing sunglasses and a golden earring .
A brown dog is chasing a red Frisbee across a grassy field .
A dog leaps in the air to catch a red Frisbee .
a dog runs for a red Frisbee .
A dog surrounded by trees runs to catch a Frisbee .
The large brown dog is running through the grass to catch a red Frisbee .
A brown and white dog is jumping with a red Frisbee in its mouth .
A brown and white dog leaps , holding a flexible Frisbee .
A dog running with a Frisbee .
A fit dog leaps with a disc in its mouth .
The brown and white bog has a red item in its mouth .
a blond girl standing in front of a large metal fan.
a man and woman walking past a record shop.
A woman and a man are passing by a window displaying a record .
A woman and a man stand outside a store .
A woman with dirty blonde hair and sunglasses and a man with dark hair stand in front of a record store .
A girl straddles a bike rack on a city street .
A little girl in a blue outfit is climbing on metal railings in the street .
A little girl in navy blue is posing on a railing .
A little girl wearing a navy skirt is climbing on some silver poles .
A young girl in a blue skirt is propping herself up on bars of a metal structure outside .
A black dog is playing with a green toy in yellow grass .
a black dog is running with a green toy between its paws .
A black dog outside with a green toy .
A black dog playing with a green toy .
A black dog plays with a green object .
an alley open to a couple of people walking by.
The legs of several people walking past an alley .
Two pairs of legs walk past the end of an alley between two brick buildings .
Two people walk down the street , seen from a alleyway .
View through an alley of pedestrians passing by .
A woman admiring colorful christmas ornaments .
A woman browses through some ornaments .
A woman in a black dress looking.
A woman looking at a colorful display.
Woman standing next to wire tree with ornamental balls hanging from it.
A man in camouflage pants and a backwards cap carrying a toolbox and a backpack .
A man wearing urban combat pants is walking down the street carrying a toolbox .
Man carrying a tool box on a sidewalk.
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk .
Young man in camo pants carries a large metal box walks along the sidewalk .
A man and a woman looking at ruins .
Two people are observing some ruins .
Two people are standing on a hill overlooking rolling green grass .
Two people take in the view from a hillside .
Two tourists photograph a countryside and ruins.
A brown dog holding something purple and black in its mouth .
a dog catches black Frisbee .
A large wet yellow dog retrives his toy .
Dog running with toy .
The wet dog catches a toy while playing on the sand .
A brown dog possessively grabs a purple Frisbee in a field .
A brown dog running to catch a Frisbee in a field of grass .
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog in a field with a Frisbee .
The dog is concerned with a purple object lying in an uncut field .
A brown dog holding a buoy in its mouth in the water.
A dog carries an object in the water .
A dog running through water with a white toy in its mouth .
The black dog is in the water with a white object in its mouth .
The black dog retreived the white toy in the water .
A bicyclist with a backpack rides down a suburban street .
A man riding a bike wearing flannel shirt , plaid pants and a blue backpack while riding on a street near buildings and parked cars .
A man wearing lots of plaid riding a bike through the streets.
A person wearing a blue and white coat rides a bicycle down the street .
Person riding their bicycle on the street with a backpack on .
A girl in a yellow top is paddling a wooden boat past a wooden jetty .
A girl paddles a canoe .
A girl rows a boat from a dock .
Girl pushing boat with a pole in the water.
The girl is paddling a rusty canoe in the water .
a black dog is jumping over a white fence whilst taking part in a dog show .
A dog leaps over the hurdle .
A small dog leaps over a striped hurdle .
A white , black and brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
The dog is leaping over the bar .
A golden haired dog with wet hair is licking its nose while moving through shallow water .
A golden retriever licks his nose as he dries off from the water .
A long haired dog walks out of the water and licks his nose .
A wet brown dog is leaving the water .
The brown dog is running in the water licking his nose .
A dark colored man is holding a protest banner in a busy city street with people staring from behind .
A man in a blue and yellow jacket holding a religious sign stands in a street with people behind him on the sidewalk .
A man is holding a religious poster .
A man wearing a hat holding a sign with writing on it .
Man standing on the street holding a sign.
A brown dog howls .
A brown dog in the grass field is looking up at the sky .
A brown dog is crouching and looking up in a field of grass .
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field .
Brown dog crouching in grass looking up.
A Collie and a Springer Spaniel playing outside .
The large brown and white dog is jumping towards the small brown and white dog .
Two brown and white dogs fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree .
Two brown and white dogs in the grass near a stone structure .
Two tan and white dogs look at each other in an outdoor setting .
a brown and white dog is walking through some wasteland .
A collie runs across a yard in the springtime .
A Collie surrounded by leafless bushes .
A dog that looks like Lassie walking in the fields .
The dog is in front of some bushes .
People hiking through an icy , hilly landscape .
three men hike in the snow .
Three people backpacking across a large snowy and rocky field .
Three people walking across an icy hill .
Three people walk on a snow covered wasteland .
A dog jumps a man 's leg to take a Frisbee from his hand .
a dog jumps for the Frisbee the girl is holding .
A person in a black coat playing Frisbee with a dog near a wooded area .
A woman and a dog play with a disk in a field .
The dog owner attempts to retrieve the Frisbee from her pet .
A person does a trick on a skateboard .
A skateboarder is doing a trick in midair .
He is doing tricks on the skateboard .
There is the bottom of a skateboard off the ground with someone in blue jeans holding it .
This skateboarder , wearing jeans and tennis shoes , grabs the board while in the air .
A couple looking at a red sculpture.
A man and a woman looking at a red sculpture .
A man and woman look back at the camera while standing in front of a red art structure .
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue .
A man and woman stand near a large red sculpture outdoors .
A photo of a smiling young woman in front of tables on the street .
A woman in a jacket is posing for a camera smiling in a mostly empty restaurant .
a young girl standing outside a restaurant at night .
A young woman wearing a turtle neck and black jacket is smiling for a picture .
The little girl is wearing a black sweater and standing in front of a restaurant .
A girl in a gray shirt and brown hair relaxes on the lawn as dogs bound around her .
A woman sitting next to her purse watching dogs at the park .
A young woman sits crosslegged beside her purse on the grass among a crowd of dogs .
There are several dogs in the field where the girl with the ponytail is sitting down .
Woman sitting in the grass with many dogs around her .
A dog approachs a small creature in a barren , snowy field .
Black dog in a snowy field .
Black dog running through a grassy area .
Two dogs are running towards some long grass in the scrubland .
Two dogs run in a field of brown grass .
a couple walking down the street carrying bags.
A man and a woman are carrying bags down an empty street .
A man and a woman walking down a street , carrying luggage .
Two people carrying various items walking down a city street .
Two people carry their bags down an unpaved road .
A couple are sitting on a rock in front of a street .
A man and a woman sit on a rock beside a street .
Two people sit on a large rock near a city street .
Two people sitting on a rock in a city park .
Two people talk while sitting on a big rock .
A brown dog chasing a Frisbee , a barbeque in the background .
A brown dog is trying to catch a flying disk but missed it .
A dog is twisting in the air as it tries to catch a Frisbee .
Brown dog plays with Frisbee .
The brown dog dives backwards to catch the football .
A man prepares to enter the red building .
a man walking around the corner of a red building .
A man walks past a red building with a fake rocket attached to it .
A man walks under a building with a large rocket shaped sculpture .
A person walking by a red building with a jet on top of it .
A brown doberman is outside with a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog shows his teeth .
a dog bites a stick .
A dog is biting a twig .
A dog with sharp teeth is chewing on a stick outside .
a couple posing in front of a picture wall.
An adult couple pose by a cardboard cut out for a movie .
An Asian couple are standing by a fantasy poster .
An Asian couple stands near a wax figure .
One person in a brown suit with his arm around another in a hat by a wall .
A bus filled with passengers in Chicago at night .
A bus full of people waiting at a stop .
People are sitting on a bus .
People in a bus which is heading to 84 Peterson .
There are people sitting on a bus that is labeled 84 Peterson .
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cellphone at her ear .
A woman rests on the curb of a city street while talking on her cellphone .
A woman sits on the curb while talking on her cellphone .
A woman sits on the edge of a sidewalk with a garbage bin beside her.
Woman sits on the curb talking on a cellphone .
A caravan of snowmobile travel through the snow .
A pair of people in heavy winter jackets rides through the snow on a snowmobile .
People riding something in the snow .
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow .
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris .
A dark colored man is laying on newspapers by a metal railing with his shoes off .
A homeless man is lying on the ground with his stuff strewn around .
A homeless man is sleeping outside at the top of a staircase .
An man is sleeping on top of his clothes on concrete stairs .
Man sleeping on the street .
A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field .
The little boy and little girl are walking side by side .
Two small children walk away in a field .
Two small children walking in a field .
Two young children are walking across an open field .
Two men sitting on the bank of a lake with an ice chest .
Two people having a picnic by a lake .
Two people having a picnic by the shore .
Two people sitting on grass in front of a lake looking at the sky .
Two people with hats looking at a lake while sitting on a yellow-grassed hill .
People , possibly fishermen , with their boats in shadow on shore at an orangesunset.
A man in an orange vest is standing next to a yellow canoe .
People tend canoes at the edge of a body of water during a dimly lit time of day .
The men are getting their kayaks secured on the beach for the night .
Two men standing on the shore beside their kayaks at dusk .
A cluster of four brown dogs play in a field of brown grass .
Four dogs are together in the field of dry grass .
Four dogs in a grassy area .
Four medium-sized dogs wrestle with each other on a grass field .
Four small dogs play outside .
A girl is hiding behind a painted wooden structure inside a building .
A little girl with a red dress facing a panel with her back to the camera .
A young blonde girl wearing a red dress kneeling on a red carpet .
A young girl faces a white and black wall in a red-carpeted room .
Girl kneeling on a red carpet .
brown dogs and a woman in a yard.
A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches .
A woman in a blue jacket watches as her two brown dogs play with a red ball in a grassy yard .
A woman throws a Frisbee for her two brown dogs to chase .
A woman watches a brown dog run away from a house across the grass .
A clown shares cut-out pictures of children .
a dirty looking clown holding up two paper cut outs of children with blond hair.
A man wearing a balloon hat and a grassy shirt holds up two large paper dolls .
A man wearing a balloon hat holds up colored cut-out drawings of two men .
The man wears balloons on his head and holds paper people .
A group of people walk through a shopping mall .
many people walk through the store .
People browse in a store .
People strolling through an indoor market .
The shoppers are walking in a store .
A black man with a red mask is carrying a box .
A man in a domino mask carries an amplifier up a hill .
A man with a mask carrying a black speaker.
A masked man in bright clothing carrying a large box .
Black man lifting black box is watched by black dog .
The black dog runs with a ball with two smaller dogs behind it .
Three dogs playing in a field , one with a ball in its mouth .
Three dogs race towards the viewer over a lawn .
Three dogs running in grass , one carrying a tennis ball in mouth .
Two small dogs follow a larger dog with a tennis ball.
A couple watches a boat against a skyline .
A man and woman sit on a bench , watching a boat go by .
The sun is setting while a man and woman watch a boat go by .
Two people sit on a bench and watch a boat on the water .
Two people watching a boat sail past .
A female jogger wearing red .
A girl with headphones is running next to some street signs .
A woman in a red outfit is jogging next to several street signs .
A woman jogging across an intersection .
The lady in red shorts jogs near a stop sign while listening to music .
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket and a hat sits on a park bench.
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket sits on a bench .
A man with a bushy beard and a baseball cap sits on a park bench .
An old man with a long beard and jean jacket sits on a park bench .
An old man with a long white beard , glasses , and a hat is sitting on a park bench .
a bird lands on a mans glove .
A man holds a bird .
A man holds a falcon on his arm .
Gloved man holding a bird of prey .
The man is wearing gloves and holding a hawk in his hands .
A brown dog has a white toy in its mouth .
A dog holding a white stuffed animal .
A tan dog hangong on to a white plushie toy .
A yellow dog is chewing on a white stuffed toy .
The dog is holding a stuffed toy in his mouth .
A bunch of people at the beach .
People are enjoying a sunny day on a sandy beach by the ocean .
People are on the beach and there is a kite in the air .
People on the beach and a kite in the sky .
Sandy beach , people walking , laying , sitting , a kite is flying .
A Brown dog is jumping over a fallen tree in the woods .
A small tan dog jumps over a small log .
Tan colored dog jumping over a branch in the forest .
The dog leaps over the log in the forest .
The white dog is jumping over a fallen tree .
A brown dog swimming in murky water .
A brown dog swims in the murky water .
A dog with yellow fur swims , neck deep , in water .
A golden retreiver swimming in the water .
A yellow dog is swimming in the water .
A tan curly haired dog jumps in the snow with a stick in its mouth .
A white dog catches a stick in the snow .
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow .
a white dog jumps in the snow .
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow .
A person hiking at the foot of snowcapped mountains .
A person walks in the valley between tall mountains .
A person with a backpack and walking stick , walking towards the mountains in the valley below .
People with backpacks hiking in the mountains .
Three people walk through a valley towards snowy mountains .
A little girl gets her picture taken while on the merry-go-round .
A little girl in pink clothes holding yellow rods .
A little girl on a piece of playground equipment.
A little girl sitting on a playground ride .
A young girl looks up as she rides on a merry-go-round .
A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
Two people standing on the sidewalk .
Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
A guy and a girl , both wearing white shirts and jeans , stand under a flowering tree .
A man and a woman are talking in a park.
a man and woman standing underneath the tree are talking .
A man in a white shirt is standing in the grass showing something to a woman in a white shirt .
a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain.
A man in a yellow helmet climbs a cliff face , snow behind him .
A man is climbing up a wall with a rope.
A man leans back while climbing a mountain tethered to a rope .
He is rock climbing .
Man with helmet rock climbing in a snowy area .
A group of students dressed in sweatshirts and jackets head towards the right .
A group of students walking on campus , some carrying books .
A group of students walk together .
A group of young people are walking through a park under blossoming trees .
Several young women walk near blossoming cherry trees .
A group of college students walk in nice weather .
A group of people walk in the park , while some talk on phones .
A group of students are walking through the campus .
A group of young people walking with two talking on cellphones .
several young people walking casually around.
A person in the distance hikes among hoodoos with stars visible in the sky .
A person standing on a ridge in the desert .
Interesting rock formations in the desert landscape , with stars above .
The night sky in the desert .
There is a person standing a mountain that has some interesting shapes .
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building .
A black dog , running in the snow .
A black dog running in the snow by some trees .
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area .
The black and brown dog is running through the snow .
Three men walking on a sidewalk in a city .
Three people are walking down the street with cars and buildings in the background .
Three people stand along a main road .
Three people walking on a sidewalk with 3 light colored cars in the background .
three people wearing winter clothes standing on the sidewalk near a street.
A man in an orange hat jumping .
A man jumps in the middle of a rocky desert .
A man wearing a white shirt and an orange shirt jumped into the air .
Man in khaki pants does elaborate kick in desert.
Man jumping with a rock formation in background .
An elderly man is sitting on a bench .
An older man wearing a brown coat siting on a bench .
An old man in a coat and hat sitting on a park bench .
Old man in tan jacket and black cap sitting on bench.
The older man with the shopping bag and cane is sitting on a bench .
These woman are watching people play tennis from a bench .
Two individuals watch a tennis match .
Two people sit on a park bench while watching a neighborhood tennis match .
Two people with red scarves on their heads are watching tennis .
Two women sitting on a bench in front of a tennis court near a building complex .
Two brown dogs are fighting and they are both wearing red .
Two brown dogs rough house outside .
Two brown dogs wearing red collars look at each other while running along a dirt field .
two dogs play together .
Two large brown short haired dogs with collars play chase in a field .
The two greyhound dogs wearing sweaters are playing in the grass .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two dogs wearing shirts play in the green grass .
Two dogs wearing sweaters play in a field .
Two dogs wearing sweaters play in the grass .
A brown and white dog is jumping high and catching a blue ball .
A dog is jumping and catching a small , blue ball in a park surrounded by two other dogs .
A dog jumps and catches a blue ball in his mouth .
A dog jumps in the air to catch a blue ball .
Three dogs run on grass , one leaps to catch blue ball .
A girl in a skimpy bikini outfit walks and carries a helmet .
A scantily clad girl , in a helmet , walks away from the camera , down a busy sidewalk .
A woman wearing a helmet , tall boots , and short shorts walks down the street .
Girl in bikini bottoms , boots and a helmet walking away at a street fair .
The woman in the purple bikini and pink top is wearing a safety helmet .
A black dog playing with a purple toy in the snow .
A black dog runs through the snow carrying a blue toy .
A dog plays in the snow .
Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field .
The black and brown dog carries a purple toy in the snow .
A boy pointing in a direction on a dirt road .
A boy with a backpack sits on a trail and points .
A man points his finger to the path ahead as he sits on the dirt path .
A man with a backpack is sitting in a dirt road and pointing toward the horizon .
a young man sitting in the middle of a dirt road pointing up the road .
A dog is staring at the food in the plate of a person eating .
A person holding a dog while they eat .
A person is eating a plate of pasta with a black and brown dog on his or her lap .
A person is eating pasta , while a dog is watching .
Someone in a blue and white striped sweater is eating and the dog next to them is interested in their food .
A brown dog is sprayed with water .
A dog is being squirted with water in the face outdoors .
A dog stands on his hind feet and catches a stream of water .
A jug is jumping up it is being squirted with a jet of water .
A tan , male dog is jumping up to get a drink of water from a spraying bottle .
A brown dog is sniffing around green grass on a hill .
A dog is digging a field .
A dog stands in a large , grassy field .
A dog walks alone in a field .
A dog with a red harness tracks a scent in a field .
A large man dressed in black on a street corner by a red brick building .
A man dressed in black is waiting at a crosswalk .
A man dressed in black stands at a street corner near a crossing light .
A man stands at a traffic light , waiting to cross the street .
Man in black waits at crossing signal near large brick building .
A dog is running through a field with its tongue hanging out .
A dog runs with his tongue hanging out .
A dog with its mouth open is running .
Brown and cream dog with tongue out.
The white and black dog runs on the field with his tongue hanging out .
A female toddler wearing a pink shirt is playing on a playground .
A little girl in pink and purple stands on a playground .
A very young girl is walking on a playground .
The little girl is playing at the playground .
Young child in pink top and purple pants clutching a turquoise guard rail .
A brown and black puppy stands by a camera .
A dog chews on the strap of a camera case .
A dog gnaws on the strap of a camera .
A small dog chewing on a black strap .
A small dog is standing behind a camera .
Man and woman walking near the ocean .
Two people are walking alongside a decorative railing while wearing winter gear .
Two people are walking by the ocean .
Two people in coats walking next to a fence .
Two people walk together on a cold day .
A man on the beach in jeans looking at his camera .
A shirtless guy turned around videotaping something at the beach .
Barechested man filming at the beach .
The man is wearing rolled up blue jeans and holding a video camera on a stone beach .
The shirtless man used his camera while sitting on the rocky beach .
a dog jumping over a fallen tree in the forest.
A dog leaps over a tree fallen in the forest .
A large dog jumping over a fallen tree in the forest .
Large brown dog jumps over a low tree trunk in a wooded area .
The German Shepherd is jumping over a fallen tree .
A brown dog leaps up to catch an orange toy .
A dog catches a disk in the air .
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee .
A dog leaping to catch a Frisbee in the yard .
Brown dog leaping up with orange disc in mouth with blue and yellow toy boat in background .
A brown and white dog chews on a tire .
A brown and white dog with pointy ears stands outside in sand holding a small tire in its mouth .
a brown , black and white dog holding a tire in its mouth while standing on sand.
A bull terrier terrorizes an old tire in the sand .
A dog standing in sand , holding a tire in his mouth .
A black dog chases a ball in the grass .
A black dog is chasing a ball on a green grass .
A dog and a ball on green grass and in front of trees .
A dog chases a ball in the grass .
Green grass field , a black dog running after a ball .
A baby dressed in blue jumps outside .
A child is bouncing on a trampoline that is next to the house .
A small child jumps up on a trampoline .
a young boy jumping on a trampoline outside of a house .
The little boy with red hair jumps on the trampoline .
The three children are in a cage .
three children are locked in a cage .
Three children in a black dog kennel .
Three small children are in a cage .
three well dressed blond children in a cage .
A brown dog is running though a river .
a brown dog jumping in a stoney brook .
A brown dog runs through shallow water .
A dog wading through shallow water .
a golden retriever splashes in the water .
A large , brown , fluffy dog with a small white and brown dog on a dirt surface .
a large dog is playing with a small dog in the dirt .
A small dog and a large dog play together .
Bigg playing with little dog in dirt .
Two dogs play with each other in the dirt .
A girl who looks upset with her arms crossed .
An Indian woman in a black shirt stands with her arms crossed looking at two other people talking to each other .
A person in a red and black shirt has their arms crossed and looks at the camera .
A teenage girl is standing with her arms crossed in a busy street .
Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car .
A dog carries a leash in its mouth .
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth .
A large furry brown dog is walking with a leash in his mouth .
a yellow dog carries a black leash .
Dog walking with his lease in his mouth .
A man dressed in blue holds a sign while standing behind a couple of trees and in front of a large concrete wall with red writing on it .
A man holds up a cardboard sign near a wall with red graffiti .
A man in a black jacket is standing between two trees holding up a sign .
A man stands on the side of the road , holding a cardboard sign .
A man stands with a cardboard sign on a road.
A hiker walks on rocky ground at the base of a foggy mountain .
A lone hiker walking on dirt with a snowy mountain background .
A person is hiking along rough terrain with fog and mountains in the background .
Distant person with blue backpack hiking in rocky area , mountains in background .
The person is hiking .
A skier flies through the air .
Ski boot gets pulled out of the ski .
The feet of a skier with one boot coming out of the ski and casting a shadow .
Two boots are on two skis moving very fast .
Two feet wearing yellow ski boots on ski.
A girl sits outside at a large fountain .
A woman and two others are sitting nearby a decorative water fountain .
A woman sits on a wall next to a large conical fountain .
A young woman sits near a fountain .
Woman in black poses near a pyramid fountain .
a brown dog is running through a grassy field .
A brown dog running through grass .
A dog runs in a grassy field .
A golden-brown dog running through a green field .
A tan dog is running fast through tall green grass .
A man extends his arms in front of a large rock formation .
A man in the desert .
A man poses in front of a large rock formation .
A man standing next to a huge rock formation .
A man stands next to a strange rock formation with his arms in the air .
Two black , brown and white dogs running in green grass with ears up on heads .
Two dogs run through a field of grass.
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass .
Two look-alike dogs running in the green grass .
Two small dogs run through the grass .
A girl in striped swimsuit is jumping into the ocean .
A little girl in a striped bathing suit jumps in a large body of water .
A little girl in a striped bathing suit jumps in the ocean .
a young girl in a striped bathing suit jumping in the ocean .
girl jumping over wave.
A man is sitting on a bench facing another man who is standing .
A man sits on a bench while another man walks toward him .
A person sitting on tan bench and man in green shirt standing on black and grey floor .
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break .
Top-down view of a man sitting on a bench inside with a standing man facing him .
A dog rolls on his back in the grass .
A large tan dog is rolling around on its back in a yard of grass .
A large , tan dog is rolling in green grass .
Big yellow dog rolling around on the green lawn .
Large dog rolling on its back in green grass .
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A black and white dog jumps over a bar in an agility test .
A dog jumps over a hurdle on a grass field .
A dog leaps over a bar on an obstacle course.
The black and white dog jumps over an obstacle .
A brown dog indoors , with a large pink toy .
A dog with a wrinkled face bites on a pink toy .
A wrinkled dog playing with a pink chew toy.
The dog is carrying a pink ball in its mouth .
This is a strange sight , a dog delivering a cookie .
A toddler starting at a clown walking down a snowy sidewalk .
Several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk.
Three adults and a toddler stand on a snowy path .
Three adults and one child are walking along a paved path that is snow covered .
Two adults , a child , and a clown walking down a sidewalk .
A father with his two kids at the ocean with the young boy flying up in the air .
A little boy jumps from his fathers arms on the beach .
A man tosses a boy into the air at the beach .
An adult man is throwing a child into the air at a beach while another child watches .
A young boy is thrown by a man as a girl watches at the beach .
A big , shaggy dog runs in a field of dandylions .
a dog running in a field of daisies.
a dog sitting in the grass , with his tongue out.
A long haired dog frolics in a meadow of yellow flowers .
A shaggy dog plays in a field of grass and yellow flowers .
A black dog is in the grass with a woman in jeans .
a grey in a grey sweashirt running alongside of a small dog.
A person playing with their black dog in the grass .
A woman and a dog are running in a field .
A woman flies a kite in a field while her dog watches .
A black dog and a woman in a red shirt playing tug of war .
A dog is pulling on one end of a rope and a girl is pulling on the other .
A woman plays tug-of-war with her black dog in a brown landscape surrounded by trees .
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside .
A woman and a dog playing outside.
A dog chasing another dog by a lake .
A husky chasing a brown spoted dog at the shore .
Two dogs , a spaniel and a husky , chase each other across the sand by a body of water .
Two dogs chase each other near the water .
Two dogs playing by the shore .
A black and white dog catches a Frisbee in midair .
A black and white dog is midjump and has a Frisbee in his mouth .
A black and white dog jumps up in the air to catch a Frisbee .
A dog jumps in the air , catching a Frisbee in its mouth .
A white dog in a jump , holding a plate in his mouth .
A black and white dog is running up a path towards some potted plants .
A dog follows another dog around the corner but looks back .
A dog is turns back toward the camera near some potted plants .
A dog turning to look at the camera .
A white and black dog in a hallway filled with potted plants .
a group of people sitting around a table drinking tea or coffee.
Three individuals sit at a table , smiling .
Three people gather around a table for beverages .
Three people gather around the table and have their picture taken .
Two women and a man sit at a table having coffee in a home .
A couple stands on a dock by the water hugging .
A stone dock and a couple hugging at the end , water behind .
Two people are hugging at the end of a stone jetty that looks out over the ocean .
Two people embrace on the end of a dock .
Two people stand on the pier looking at the ocean and embrace .
A man repels down a cliff over water .
A mountain climber hangs from a cliff above the ocean .
A person descends a rope from a cliff into the ocean .
A person is climbing a cliff wall , over a rocky shore , using a rope .
The man is climbing up the rock .
a man holding a bottle of wine with a box on his head.
A man holding a wine bottle and wearing a box on his head is standing next to a man wearing a black hoodie .
one man wearing a black hoodie sweatshirt and another wearing a box over his head.
One person is wearing a box on their head and holding a bottle while another man is standing next to him .
Two men , one with a box on his head holding a bottle.
A big , black dog is walking along the water 's edge .
A black dog and its reflection are seen near a pond ringed by dry foliage .
A black dog is walking beside water in the woods .
A black dog walks along a marsh 's edge .
A dog is walking near a body of water .
A pitbull dog is biting another dog on the face .
A tan dog opens his mouth to bite another tan dog .
One dog is trying to bite another .
One tag dog biting another tan dog while laying on a bed .
Two brown dogs playing with each other , one has his mouth open biting the other dog .
A bee clings to a yellow flower .
a bee on top of a flower.
A bee sits on a flower .
a small bee landed on a bunch of yellow flowers.
Beautiful blue sky and yellow flowers .
a girl wearing pink swings on a swing .
A little girl is swinging high above a wooden fence on the swing .
a young girl in a pick shirt swinging up in the air on a swing set.
The girl is on a swing .
The little girl played on the swing .
A man sitting on the left near a man walking along the side of a street with colorful buildings .
A man walking by a sitting man on the street .
A man with dreadlocks and a backpack walks down the sidewalk with colorful buildings in the background .
A white man with dreadlocks walks down the sidewalk .
Two boys are on the sidewalk as cars pass by on the road .
A black , brown , and white dog jumping over a pile of logs with trees in the background .
A dog is jumping over some logs .
A dog jumps over a pile of logs .
A dog jumps over a pile of wood .
A large dog is leaping over some logs in a woodland clearing .
a girl in a pink top is swinging with her hair flying everywhere .
A girl is swinging .
A girl is swinging and looking down with her hair flying .
A girl 's hair streams behind her as she swings.
A girl with long hair flying in the breeze while she swings .
a black dog is running across a grassy field in front of some bushes .
A dog in a grassy park jumping and playing .
A dog with a muzzle on .
A muzzled greyhound leaps over grassy ground .
The black dog leaps into the air in the grass .
A brown dog has a purple disc .
A brown dog has its eyes closed and a purple Frisbee in its mouth .
The brown and black dog is holding a pink disc on a green yard .
The dog returns the play toy to its master .
This is a dog holding a Frisbee .
A group of people are listening to a man with a moustache speak into a microphone .
A lady with brown hair sitting at a table while someone speaks on a microphone in the background .
A man holds a microphone and speaks as a group of seated people watch and one woman looks down .
A woman at a table looking down .
People sit a tables while a man speaks with a microphone .
a brown dog jumps over a chain .
A dog jumps over a chain .
A dog leaping over a chain .
A greyhound jumps over a chain .
Brown dog leaps over a chain suspended over a gravel road .
A grey " labradoodle " jumps over another large dog .
one grey puddle jumping in the air in front of another tan dog.
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard .
Two dogs playing in grass .
Two dogs , the gray poodle high in the air , play on the grass .
A distant person is climbing up a very sheer mountain .
A panoramic distance view of a rock climber going up a steep mountain wall .
person rock climbing.
There is a person scaling a very steep rock wall .
This person is climbing the side of a mountain .
a man climbing a sheer rock wall.
A person climbing a large mountainside .
A person climbs up a rock face .
A rock climber.
A climber ascending a mountain.
Two dogs are bending over and looking down into a ditch to investigate .
Two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera .
Two dogs are shown with only their tails and backsides as they dig in the dirt .
Two dogs are sniffing at the ground with their tails in the air .
Two dogs with their heads down a hole and their tails are sticking straight up .
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean .
A black dog runs along the beach .
A black dog runs through surf on a sandy beach .
A dog runs along the ocean surf .
Balck dog is running on clean sand beach , very close to surf .
A couple kiss outdoors , while another couple watch .
A man and a woman are outside kissing with a woman wearing a red scarf in the background .
The woman on the right is wearing a red scarf .
Two people in complete love are kissing in the most beautiful embrace .
Two people kissing .
A street view with cars and buildings .
cars are parked by a little store in quaint European street .
Cobblestone street and line of storefronts.
People stand outside of a building that has cars parked in front .
There are two blue signs on the corner of the street .
A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
A dog running in the grass around sheep .
A dog bites an object offered by a person .
A dog playing with a dog toy as someone tries to pull it from its mouth .
a golden retriever plays with a toy .
The photographer is playing tug-of-war with a dog .
Two dogs fighting for the same chew toy .
Two brown dogs are laying on the street next to a metal pole .
two dogs are chained to a pole .
Two dogs are tied to a tree in a city .
Two dogs tied to a tree .
Two small dogs sit near a tree .
A brown and white dog runs away carrying a big stick .
A dog running through the grass with a stick in his mouth .
Dog fetching huge stick .
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .
The brown dog is running away with a stick in its mouth .
A young couple kissing on a park bench .
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing .
Couple is making out on a park bench in public .
The girl and boy are kissing whilst sitting on a wooden bench .
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing .
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
A dog has its head coming up from the water as it holds a stick .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A swimming dog with a small branch in its mouth .
closeup of a brown dog in the water holding a very large stick .
A hiker wearing an orange backpack is walking through long grass .
A man walking in brush with a big orange backpack .
A man with an orange backpack in an bushy area .
A person with a large backpack hiking through the tall grass .
The hiker with a black and orange backpack walks away into the wooded area .
A backpacker looks over a cliff towards the fog .
A backpacker looks toward a foggy landscape .
A hiker stands on a hill looking into the distance .
a man with an orange backpack is standing on a cliffside path .
Hiker with yellow backpack stares into fog .
A man drinking and reading the paper .
A man reads the newspaper at a table for one .
A man reads the newspaper while having a drink .
A man wearing glasses sits with a drink at a table whilst reading the newspaper .
An African-American man reading the newspaper and drinking beer in a shop .
A couple of people sit in chairs in a waiting room lit in sunlight .
A line of white chairs folded and a few indescript people sitting in the background .
People wait in chairs , one person has their shoe off .
Photo of an inside of a place with chairs and people sitting in them .
Some people are sitting in seats under a white framed glass canopy .
A woman carrying a backpack sits on a rocky ledge overlooking the water .
A woman sits alone on the rocks by a beach .
A woman sits on a rock by the water .
a woman sits on the rock .
A woman wearing a red backpack is sitting on a rock overlooking the water .
a group of people inside a building that overlooks a large mountain.
A large window with a mountain range while onlookers stand in front .
People look out the window at mountains .
People stand and look out the window to view the mountain .
Sillhouttes of people in front of a mountain and in front of a window .
A crowd at a rally .
A crowd of people remember the Armenian genocide from 1915 to 1923 .
A group of people are gathered to watch a man speak from a podium about Armenian genocide .
People gather to hear a speech related to the Armenian Genocide .
There is a man in suit speaking at a podium at a protest march .
A lady is giving a speech dealing with the Armenian genocide .
A middle eastern woman is talking into a microphone at a protest event .
A speaking woman at a podium has the phrase " Armenian Genocide " written on it , flanked by priests and men in suits .
A woman speaking at an Armenian Genocide event.
A woman speaks at a podium surrounded by religious men .
A man and a woman standing with a group of spectators .
A man holding a flag stands next to a woman wearing black and white .
A man holding flag and a woman behind a railing .
An elder man in a white shirt and cap waves a flag as a group of people stand behind him .
An older man with a red , blue , and orange flag in a crowd.
a boy drinks from a glass bottle .
a girl in a purple sweater is watching a boy drink from a bottle .
A girl in a purple sweater watching a boy drink from a green bottle .
A little girl in pink watches a young boy drink out of a bottle on a crowded street .
Boy drinking from a green bottle with girl in purple sweater watching .
A man sitting cross-legged in a field.
A man wearing a hat is sitting on the ground with a small bag .
A person wearing a hat sits on the grass with a mountain behind him .
A person with a stocking cap on is sitting down on a grassy plain with a mountain behind them .
Man on green grass , mountains and semi-cloudy sky in background .
An african american woman wearing an orange dress with a hood is covering her face with her hand while sitting in a chair .
A woman in an orange-hooded outfit is sitting with her hand on her face .
Woman in a red headscarf covering her face .
Woman in orange clothing putting her palm over her face .
Woman in orange headscarf with her hand over her face sitting in a blue chair .
A puppy catching a bird.
A small white dog holds a bird in its mouth as it runs in a field .
A white dog carries a gray bird in a field .
A white puppy is carrying a black bird in its mouth .
The dog returns with the hunter 's bird .
two african toddlers dressed in pink are playing in a sparsely decorated kitchen .
Two girls in pink dresses dance and clap .
Two little girls in pink are dancing .
Two little girls wearing pink outfits dance together .
Two very young girls in pink dance inside .
a class holds up their certificates .
a group of children posing with their certificates ,.
A group of children showing their diplomas .
The children hold up awards .
The girl in a yellow shirt walks in front of a group of kids holding up awards .
A black dog in front of a tree jumping towards a red Frisbee .
A dog jumps through the grass .
a grey dog jumps in the air to catch a Frisbee in a grassy park.
A shaggy dog jumps outside in the grass .
The black dog is jumping up in the air .
A woman is walking away on a wooden walkway through a field of golden plants .
A woman walking over a bridge with tall grass on either side of her .
A woman walks along a boardwalk.
A woman with dark hair walks through a grassy field on a path with wooden handrails .
A young woman crosses a bridge through a field of tall grass .
A black and brown dog shakes water off of itself .
a brown and black dog shaking the water of himself.
A brown and black dog with a red and blue collar stands on a brown grassy surface with water droplets all around .
A dog stretches its neck out as it shakes off dust .
A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .
A golden retriever is playing with a smaller black and brown dog in a pink collar .
A small black and brown dog is jumping on a large orange dog .
A smaller black dog fighting with a larger brown dog in a forest .
Brown dog with mouth open near head of black and tan dog .
Two dogs playing near the woods .
A female in bluejeans is standing in an enclosed area with arms folded .
A girl stands in a dimly lit area .
a lone woamn wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something .
Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor , seated figure in background .
A girl standing in an enclosed place.
A girl stands alone while a man raises his arms in the background .
A teenage girl stands in a large industrial garage with two boys sitting in the background .
a woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk.
Young lady standing alone waiting .
A boy in a harness climbs a rock wall .
A small boy hangs from a safety harness next to a climbing wall .
A young boy on a harness climbs up a boulder .
The boy is climbing a white rock wall .
The small child climbs a white rock wall .
A black and a brown dog are running toward the camera .
A black and a yellow dog.
A black dog and a brown dog with a ball .
A large black dog and a large yellow dog appear to be playing with a soccer ball .
The black dog is by a soccer ball and the brown dog is running .
A white dog fetches a stick as he swims in a lake.
A white dog holds a stick while swimming .
A white dog retrieves the stick from the lake for her owner .
A white dog swims with a stick .
White dog retrieving stick from water.
A little boy and a little girl are playing with pebbles on the beach .
A small boy and girl on the beach 's edge , looking at the ground.
Two kids playing on a pebble beach by the water.
Two little kids play on a pebble covered beach .
Two young child stand on the rocks near the edge of the water .
A group of people are holding up signs .
A group of people carry pink letters that spell " impeach " .
many woman hold up a sign reading " impeach " .
People holding pink signs that spell out , " Impeach " .
War protesters on curb , with pink umbrellas spelling out IMPEACH .
a man carrying a sign that says free hug along the sidewalk .
A man holds up a " free hugs " sign above his head .
A man is holding a sign that says " Free Hugs " .
A young man in a black shirt is holding a Free Hugs sign .
The man is wearing a green shirt and blue jeans and carrying a free hugs sign .
A black dog is running across the grass carrying something in its mouth .
A black dog is running outside with a toy in its mouth .
A black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth .
A black dog runs on green grass with a toy in his mouth .
Black dog is carrying something in its mouth and running in the grass .
A dog is playing fetch with a ball .
A dog stirs up the dirt on the ground while running to catch a ball .
A dog turns on the grass to persue a flying ball .
A light brown dog is chasing after a ball .
A yellow dog anticipates a ball .
A girl flipping into a swimming pool while others swim .
A girl heads into the pool while others chat at the side .
A girl is diving into an indoor pool .
Many people are in an indoor swimming pool and one girl is in the act of jumping in headfirst .
The teenagers are swimming in an indoor pool together .
A black and white dog is playing with a golf ball in the sand .
A dog playing with a golf ball in front of a small wooden fence on the beach .
A dog plays in the sand with a ball .
A white dog with black spots looks at a golf ball in the sand .
The dog eyes the ball before retrieving it .
A girl climbs a huge rock .
A lady in black pants and her shadow , climb large rocks .
A rock climber taking a large step up the side of a rock face .
Girl in black pants climbing smooth rock .
Young woman wearing striped shirt rock climbing .
A man in red climbs a rock in a field of snow , cliffs , and fallen boulders .
A man is rock climbing up a snowy , rocky mountain .
A man wearing a red shirt scales a rock in a boulder field .
A person climbing a large rock with many snow covered rocks in the background .
The person with the red long sleeved shirt is climbing a rock in the snow .
The backs of two Asian girls , wearing red tops and holding red flags .
Two Asian girls dressed in red are standing at a busy pedestrian crossing .
Two girls in red jackets are trying to cross traffic with a lot of cars going by .
Two people in red jackets with red sashes standing on a street corner .
Two women attempting to cross a busy street in China .
A boy in yellow is riding a scooter on the street .
A boy on a scooter .
A boy wearing a helmet rides a scooter in a suburban neighborhood .
A child on a scooter is jumping the curb .
a young boy wearing an orange helmet riding a scooter.
A soccer player in blue is chasing after the player in black and white .
The girl in the white strip is falling down as the girl in the blue strip challenges for the soccer ball .
The girls are playing soccer .
Two women in soccer uniforms playing soccer .
Two young women on different teams are playing soccer on a field .
A white dog races a brown dog in a field of grass .
One brown and one white dog running through a field .
The brown and white dogs run through the field .
Two dogs are running side by side in the field .
Two dogs run through the brush .
A dirt bike rider rides off of a jump .
A dirt biker with number 625 is racing on a course .
A man in a helmet does a jump on his bike .
A man in yellow rides a motocross bike down a dirt track in a forest .
dirt bike racer.
A man riding a dirt bike in down a hill in competition .
A motocross rider wearing red , white and black with a white helmet .
A motorcycle racer going down a steep , dirt hill .
A person rides a motorbike down a dirt hill .
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill .
A fallen dirt biker is aided by another .
A young man pushes his motocross bike up a dirt hill .
The dirt bike rider is deep in the sand .
Two boys lifting a dirt bike .
Young dirt bikers try to get a dirt bike up a sandy hill .
A dirt biker rides up a rocky hill on a motorized dirt bike .
A man wearing a helmet and safety suit goes uphill over rocks on a dirt bike .
A man wearing protective gear riding a dirt bike up a rocky hill .
An off road motorbike climbs a rocky hill .
A person on a motorcycle going uphill on rocky terrain.
An elderly man wearing a sombrero riding a mobility scooter while shopping for shoes .
An old man on a cart shopping for shoes.
An old man wearing a large hat , and riding in a motorized wheelchair , is picking out shoes at a store .
Man on electric scooter looking at shelves of shoes .
Senior citizen shops for shoes with a sombrero on his head .
A couple is photographed in front of a large outdoor fountain .
A couple pose in front of a fountain .
An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture.
Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain .
The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain .
A man in bright clothing plays an instrument on the street .
A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street .
A man wearing a multi-color coat is playing the guitar on the street .
a man wearing a multicolored striped shirt playing the guitar on the street.
Street performer in colorful shirt performing with small guitar .
a couple hugging with other people standing around in front of some buildings.
A man and a woman hug on a street .
The man in the red shirt is taking a photo of the couple that is hugging on the sidewalk .
The man in the red shirt is taking a picture of the two people hugging .
two people share a hug .
A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy with light blue eyes are playing together .
An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy .
A puppy with blue eyes runs , an older dog with blue eyes stands behind .
A small black and white dog is followed by a larger dog in a grassy yard .
The two dogs are outside .
A creepy old man stars at a young couple as they smoke a cigarette .
A man and woman sitting , with a man standing to the left .
An older man stands over two youths at the corner of an unusual building .
A red haired man in white pants glances at a couple sitting on a step .
Several people standing and sitting outside on the sidewalk .
Two brown dog play together in the water .
Two brown dogs playing in water.
Two dogs playing in the ocean .
Two dogs play in the water .
Two identical brown dogs in the water with their noses in the air .
A group of people sit before a campfire .
Four people sit around a campfire and the sky is blue behind them .
Several people sit by a campfire in the darkness .
Three people lounge on a dark prairie in front of a campfire.
Three people sitting around a fire .
A group of girls are riding on a roller coaster .
Three girls are riding a ride with shoulder harnesses as the girl in green poses .
Three girls are riding on a roller coaster .
Three girls on an amusement ride enjoying themselves .
Three young girls posing while riding a roller coaster .
A kayaker almost turns over .
A kayaker traverses some churning rapids .
A man is kayaking in rough water .
A man kayaks in wavy water .
A person in a blue kayak battles the waves .
A man in a yellow boat paddling against waves .
A person in a yellow kayak is paddling through a river with snowy banks .
The kayaker is going through rapids .
The man is in a yellow kayak in rough waters .
This person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids .
A girl in a petterned shirt is talking to a guy with a hat in a billiards room .
A man holding a pool stick talking to a woman in a pool hall.
A man in a black hat is talking to a woman with an animal print shirt .
Boy holding pool cue looking at person in sweater.
Two people are talking to each other at a pool place .
A girl reads and listens to music on a bus .
a woman reads a book on a train .
A woman reads while on public transportation .
The girl is sitting on a train and reading a book .
Woman on a train , reading and listening to headphones .
A guy in midair is behind the raft full of people .
A man flipped off of a white water raft .
A man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .
A man has fallen out of a white water raft while other rafters look at him .
A man is launched into the air from a raft .
A group of people go rafting .
A person flies backward off a blue raft near rapids .
Six people are riding in raft on white water whilst the seventh person has been flung out of the boat into the air .
The guy gets thrown out of the raft on the rapids .
The six people are in a blue raft in the water and one person flew out of the raft .
A climber scales a cliff as others watch .
A figure is climbing up a rock while people on the grond watch .
A person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch .
A woman is rock climbing.
People are watching a man who is climbing on a rock face .
A teenage boy with a white headband looking right , a crowd in the background .
a young man wearing a grey and black shirt and a white headband.
Teenager standing up with a headband on.
The one teen has a headband and the other one a hat .
Young man in a headband with other young people in background .
A beagle looking over his shoulder as he stand on a sandy slope .
A beagle stands in the sand and grass .
A dog stands in a field .
Brown , black and white dog standing on a sandy slope .
Dog standing in grassy sand dune .
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline .
A girl doing a handstand on a trampoline.
A girl doing a handstand on a trampoline .
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline .
A little girl does a handstand on a trampoline.
A boy kicks a soccer ball high up .
A little boy in a bright green field has kicked a soccer ball very high in the air .
A small boy wearing red kicks a soccer ball above the grass .
a young boy playing with a soccer ball in a field.
Young boy kicks a red and white soccer ball on a grassy field.
A Frisbee casts a shadow on the dog .
a white dog is attempting to catch a green and pink object .
A white dog with long hair jumps to catch a red and green toy .
A white furry dog jumping to catch a Frisbee .
The dog is trying to catch a Frisbee .
A man crouched on a snowy peak .
A man in a green jacket stands in deep snow at the base of a mountain .
A man kneels in the snow .
A man measures the depth of snow .
A mountain hiker is digging steaks into the thck snow .
A man is sitting on a bench behind a bike .
A man sitting on a bench next to his bike .
A man sitting on a bench with his bicycle leaning against a railing .
A man sitting on a bench with his bike parked at the rail .
Man sitting on a bench next to a bike .
A boy in a black and white shirt holds a red skateboard as he stands over the Hollywood Stars .
A skateboarder examines the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
A teenage boy wearing a striped shirt walks on a street paved with stars carrying a skateboard .
Man walking with red skateboard .
Person wearing black and white striped shirt holding a red skateboard standing on sidewalk with stars .
One dog biting at another dog 's face in a grassy field .
There are two brown dogs playing in field .
Two brown dogs with blue collars are running in the grass .
Two dogs are fighting and playing with each other while running through some grass .
Two dogs are playing in the grass .
A baby being held by a small girl , swimming underwater in a blue pool .
A child supports a toddler underwater in a pool .
A small girl and a toddler swimming underwater in a pool .
A young girl and baby boy are swimming underwater in a pool .
Two children smile underwater.
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car .
A black dog asleep in a car .
A dog in a car .
A dog in a car .
The dog is sleeping in the vehicle .
A bicycle stunt person midair performing a trick with fans watching .
A BMW rider makes a fantastic jump as onlookers marvel .
A group of young people are watching a man on a dirt bike performing a stunt in the air .
A man on a BMX bike performs a trick on a jump .
A man performing a trick on a bmx bike.
Two dogs running in a body of water that is light blue with tip of an island of grass showing.
Two dogs run through the water near a beach , with land on the horizon .
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water .
Two dogs splash through the lake .
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake .
A dog is jumping across an obstacle .
A dog jumps over a red and blue hurdle .
A dog leaps over a red and blue jump .
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle .
a tan dog jumping over a red and blue toy.
A black and white spotted dog is circling a gray and white dog .
A spotted dog playing on a baseball field with another dog .
Two dogs are running around each other in the sand .
Two dogs play in a sandy field .
two dogs play on a baseball field .
A girl is climbing a rock wall .
A person climbs a steep mountain .
A person wearing a white hat climbs a rock .
A rock climber ascends .
Someone climbs a rocks .
A man does skateboard tricks off a ramp while others watch .
A skateboarder does a trick for an audience .
A skateboarder doing a trick off a quarter pipe .
Boy dressed in black is doing a skateboarding jump with a crowd watching .
People watching a guy in a black and green baseball cap skateboarding .
a man in brown jacket and blue cap is washing a black jacket in fountain .
A man leans over into a fountain .
a man stares at bricks .
A man washing the corner of a jacket in a public fountain .
The young man looks into the fountain on a sunny day .
A black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog .
Two dogs are playing on the grass .
Two dogs leap toward each other on a grassy lawn .
Two dogs on hind legs with faces near each other on a grassy field .
Two dogs playing .
A brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom .
A dog biting the cleaning end of a broom .
A dog is biting a mop .
A tan dog bites on a broom as it moves over the brick floor .
a tan dog chewing on a broom .
A girl is hula hooping on a sidewalk in New York .
A little girl in brown is playing with two hula-hoops .
a young girl uses two hula hoops .
Girl sticks tongue out while hula hooping with two hoops.
Young boy with tongue out hula hooping with two hula hoops in a crowded area , man in blue shirt stands behind him .
a brown dog retrieves a ball on a green , slimy , rock covered beach.
A dog is carrying a yellow rope across rocks covered in seaweed .
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth.
A dog walks through the water with an object in its mouth .
A very wet dog coming toward the camera through a mossy pond with a ball .
Two brown dogs are running on the sand .
Two brown dogs on the sand.
Two brown dogs running and playing on a beach .
Two brown dogs running together on sand.
Two dogs run on the beach .
A man with red shirt and black hat stares at another man .
Asian man in red flowered shirt and hat in discussion with two other men.
Talk between man in Hawaiian shirt , older man in gray and man seen from behind .
These three men are sitting near each other , and are all wearing short sleeved shirts .
Three men , one in a red and white shirt , are sitting together .
A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places .
A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera .
A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio .
A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass .
The young boy is walking wearing a blue jacket , a black sweater and white collared shirt .
A brown dog is running along a beach .
A brown dog wearing a black collar running across the beach .
A dog walks on the sand near the water .
Brown dog running on the beach .
The large brown dog is running on the beach by the ocean .
Two children are standing on the shore next to a body of water .
Two children standing at the edge of a river , holding a butterfly-catcher .
Two children stand with a net by a shallow shore .
two girls look into the water .
two kids playing on the beach , close to the water.
Men standing on shore with fishing pole and boat in water.
Two fisherman looking at the water .
Two men holding their fishing poles .
Two men stand near the water with their fishing poles .
Two men with fishing rods are standing on a shore.
A boy jumping from a rope into the water .
A boy wearing red swim trunks is swinging from a rope into the water .
A man has let go of the rope swing over the river .
A person in swimming trunks who has used a rope swing to jump into a lake .
The man is dropping from a swinging rope into a calm river .
a boy and a girl stand in front of a house .
A girl stands nearby while a boy sits in an open doorway .
A girl stands outside of a blue and white home while a younger child sits on its stoop .
A little girl leans on a concrete wall next to a blue door where a shirtless child sits .
A young girl stands against a blue and white house with a young boy who sits .
A brown dog is shaking his head while standing on sand .
A brown dog with large ears is shaking its self while standing on sand .
An orange dog shakes his head very hard on the sand .
a tan dog shaking its body.
The orange haired dog shook its head while standing on the beach .
A dog on an obstacle platform and a man .
A dog stands on top of a long , blue plank of wood .
A dog walks across a ramp with a man standing near .
A man outdoors near equipment .
The man leads his black and white dog across a blue obstacle .
A small girl in pink and blue , on the beach , shows something to two black dogs .
A young girl in a pink and blue wetsuit and oversized red flip flops presents a little red ball to a big black dog while another dog looks on .
a young girl putting a red ball in a black dogs mouth on the beach.
The little girl in the sand is handing a ball to one of the two black dogs .
two black dogs wait for a little girl to throw a ball at the beach.
A teenage girl with a shaved head walks in a brown skirt and blue jean jacket .
a woman wearing a denim jacket walking along a sidewalk.
A young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building ,.
Girl with shaved head walks on path beside building .
The girl with a shaved head is walking outside on the sidewalk .
Three brown puppies running in the grass .
Three dogs are running through the grass .
Three dogs run through a field .
Three small puppies run through the green grass .
Three tan and brown dogs are running over grass .
a closeup of grey and white shoes on the shore near the beach water .
A person wearing grey converse shoes took a picture of the water barely touching their shoes .
A person wearing grey tennis shoes is standing right where the waves stop on the sand .
A shot of shoes in water .
The person wearing tennis shoes is standing on the sand .
A girl poses with her head upside down .
A little girl hangs her head upside down .
A small girl is doing a handstand while smiling.
A upside down girl 's face .
a young girl smiling with her head upside down.
A child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .
A little girl in a yellow t-shirt is tumbling towards the end of a yellow slide .
A little girl slides down a twisty yellow slide .
A small blond girl wearing a yellow shirt sliding down a yellow slide with her feet in the air .
A young girl with a yellow shirt sliding down a yellow slide.
A black dog looks up at a ball in the air and prepares to catch it .
A black dog waits on the grass for a falling yellow ball .
A dog is looking up at a ball attached to the string .
The animal is near the pond .
The dinosaur exhibt is next to a tree that has a balloon stuck in its branches .
A little girl runs down a path in a Japanese garden .
A little girl skips down a path near an idyllic country pond .
A young girl hops on the path to avoid the puddles , located near a lake .
A young girl is jumping on a gravel road near a pond .
The girl runs near a pond .
Two girls are riding a 4 wheeler .
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge .
Two girls riding an ATV .
Two kids are posing on a black ATV that is on top of sand .
Two young girls drive an ATV .
A girl chases a bird across the sand at the edge of the ocean .
A girl in a pink suit chases a gull on a beach .
Girl in pink bathing suit with right arm in air behind a seagull on the beach near the water .
The little girl plays along the shoreline as the seagull passes by .
Young girl in red bathing suit feeding a seagull.
One dog jumps up to catch a ball as another dog runs towards it .
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard .
Two dogs play catch with a rubber ball .
Two large dogs are playing together in a yard with a tall fence .
Two tan dogs playing together in a fenced yard .
A little boy in a red jacket plays on a jungle gym .
A little boy playing on a playground .
A small black child plays on an outdoor jungle gym .
A young boy in a black sweatshirt and red vest plays on a red jungle gym .
boy playing on some metal bars.
A black dog is chasing another black dog .
A wet black dog is running away from another black dog .
Two black dogs run along the green grass .
Two black , wet dogs running on grass .
Two dogs chasing each other in the grass.
A girl is rowing in a lake .
a girl sits on a skinny canoe .
A woman sits in a rowing scull and looks behind her at a dock .
A woman sitting in a rowboat.
Girl in a thin rowboat leaving the dock of a lake .
A brown dog leaps into the water .
A dog leaping off a boat.
A dog wearing a collar jumping from a platform .
a grey and brown dog jumps off a dock into a lake.
A light brown dog with his tail in the air jumps of a pontoon toward the water .
A girl in a pink jacket is going headfirst down a red slide .
A girl slides on a red slide.
A small girl sliding headfirst down a shiny red slide .
a toddler in a pink coat is laying front down on a red slide .
Girl in pink coat is sliding down a red slide on her stomach .
A black woman in a pink bikini is sitting on a towel on a lounge chair .
A girl with hot pink toe nails and bathing suit is laying on a hot pink towel .
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel .
There is a very oiled darker woman on a pink towel , lounging on a lawn chair next to her flip flops and suntan lotion .
Woman in pink is suntanning.
