A brown dog walks in the under brush .
A dog pauses in the bushes .
a dog runs through the long grass .
Brown dog with mouth open standing amidst greenery .
brown long-haired dog in garden .
A group of children playing with props.
A group of kids are sword fighting .
Children are playing with toy swords in the street .
Children play fight with swords .
Some children tugging on a rope next to a building in a city .
A child is playing ice hockey.
a young hockey player playing in the ice rink.
A youth playing hockey .
The hockey player is skating on the ice smacking the puck .
Two people are playing ice hockey .
A man holding a flag is standing on a busy sidewalk .
A man in a ball cap stands in a crosswalk with a flag in a crowded city .
A man stands on a crosswalk holding a flag .
Man standing on a street with a green red and yellow flag wrapped around him and a cap on his head .
Man wrapped in flag stands in city intersection , lit billboards in background .
Men participate in a soccer game .
Two male soccer players in game action .
Two men fall as they battle for a soccer ball .
Two opposing footballers play on a field .
two soccer players playing soccer on a field.
A white haired coach is coaching his team of young men while they run towards him .
A white haired coach stands in front of a group of high school age boys running past him .
Three teenage boys are running towards an older man in a white shirt .
Three young men face an older man with a whistle .
Three young men sprinting past their coach outside .
An elderly woman crosses the road in a city .
An elderly woman in a red jacket is walking up a hilly city street .
An elderly woman in blue and red crosses the street in a crosswalk .
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street .
Old lady crosses the street in the city .
two black and white dogs on the sandy beach fighting over a long stick.
Two dogs carry the same stick in their mouths as they walk on the sand .
Two dogs holding one stick on a beach .
Two dogs on the beach fight over a stick .
Two dogs on wet sand , each biting the same stick .
Boys playing tag football run down the field .
One kid is chasing another kid who is holding a football .
One kid is running across a field carrying a football while another is close behind grabbing for his flags .
Two children playing tag football .
Two little boys play football on green grass .
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee .
Two dogs are wrestling over a piece of black material .
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths.
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths .
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee .
A man holding onto ropes while boogie boarding .
A man holds onto ropes and is pulled through the water on his ski .
A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute .
A man windsurfing .
The man is waterskiing .
A child swings on a swing .
A kid is upside down on a swing .
a young child in a purple shirt hanging upside down on a swing.
Little girl , upside down on swing .
The girl wears a purple outfit and swings upside down .
The three dogs are playing with each other .
Three dogs playing on grass .
Three dogs play in the grass .
Three dogs play outside .
Three dogs play together on the green grass .
A black and a white dog are both going for a blue soccer ball .
A black and tan dog and a black and white dog are playing ball in the grass .
A black dog and a white dog play with each other and a green ball .
Two dogs are trying to grab a ball .
Two medium sized dogs playing with a green ball.
A black dog is being chase by two brown dogs on the beach .
A black dog is followed by two brown dogs over sand .
A group of three dogs running across a rocky , sandy beach .
One black and white dog and two brown and white dogs moving on sand .
Three dogs are running across a sandy landscape .
woman smile and wave to the camera.
A woman in a red shirt is waving while standing behind another woman with black hair .
A woman in pink is staring while a woman is red is posing nearby kitchen items .
Two women are smiling together at a restaurant .
Two women in front of boxes of tea and cups .
A black dog and a black dog are fighting over a soccer ball .
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball .
Two dogs play and fight over a blue ball .
Two dogs playing with a ball .
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball .
A girl in a colourful bathing suit being ejected from a water slide into the pool .
A girl is screaming as she comes off the water slide .
A little girl sliding into a pool .
The girl is coming off of a water slide into a pool .
Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .
A dog looks out over green grass and flowers .
A dog tied to a leash in an open grassy area .
A terrier stands in a field of grass and daisies.
Small dog looking into background.
The black and brown dog is on a leash in a field and facing away from the camera .
a boy jumping off a swing.
A boy jumps off a swing on the swing set when its high enough .
A child in a white shirt coming out of a swing in midair .
A young boy leaps off a swing .
The boy wearing white is leaping from the swing .
A blonde puppy wearing a red collar is standing in the water .
A furry dog with a collar is sitting in a pond .
A tan dog swims around in the water .
A white dog with long hair wades through a pond surrounded by green grass .
White dog at the edge of the water .
A group of young men clowning around while enjoying a beverage .
Five men pose awkwardly on steps .
Five young men pose on the steps .
Four boys posing while one boy sets his drink down .
Group of young men posing and holding cans .
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle.
A man locking his bicycle to a metal pole .
A man prepares to interact with a lock for a bicycle while staring away from it .
An elderly man in a suit locks his bike .
An older man in a suit locking his bike to a pole.
A girl with a black bag in a cramped position on a train.
Asian woman in crowd , carrying black bag with " pain " and spiked knuckle graphic .
A woman holding black and white bag rides the subway .
A woman in a white outfit holds her purse while on a crowded bus .
A young woman in white , carrying a black handbag stands in a crowd .
A girl in a dress is blowing bubbles with another girl behind her .
Girls blow bubbles outdoors .
There are two young girls in colorful dresses blowing bubbles .
Two girls in colourful dresses blowing bubbles at a park .
Two little girls wearing bright dresses are blowing bubbles with bubble wands .
A boy in a blue shirt is running .
A distorted image of a young boy running.
A little boy running , blurry picture .
A young boy runs .
Little boy running very fast .
a cat sits alone in dry grass .
A group of cats sit in the grass .
several cats resting in a field of dry grass.
The cats are lazily laying in the field of dry grass .
The three cats , two white with calico accents and a gray tabby , are laying in the brown grass .
A lady in a yard holding a dog while another dog is jumping.
A white dog jumps at a woman holding another dog .
A woman wearing shorts is holding a tan dog while a white dog jumps up in front of her .
Lady playing with her two dogs in the yard .
Woman on grass , cradling small dog as another dog jumps up .
A small white dog is running through the dirt right on the outside of a patch of grass where two people and another small black dog are playing .
A small white dog runs .
A white dog is running on gravel away from two people and a black and brown dog .
White dog outside with two people in background .
White fluffy dog running in the dirt .
A child lies in the hay with only a head and arm showing .
A young child is covered in straw except for the head and left arm .
Child playing and hiding underneath hay .
Girl hides in hay .
The child is playing hide and seek in the hay .
A child in a white bathrobe is standing in a doorway .
A man in a bathrobe with its arms tied together crosses a threshold .
A young black child is wrapped in a white robe and standing in a bathroom doorway .
A young black girl emerges from the bathroom wrapped in a bathrobe and towel .
A young girl wearing a white bathrobe stands by a door .
A woman looking at jewlery at a booth at an outdoor fair .
People examine the merchandise in a tent at a crafts fair .
People in a shop under a tent .
Several people inspecting the merchandise displayed in this tent .
There is a man wearing a red shirt , white shorts , red shoes , white socks and has long braided hair .
A brown dog starring at a soccer ball .
A man holding out a deflated soccer ball to a grey dog .
Large gray dog being handed a white soccer ball .
someone is holding out a punctured ball in front of a brown dog with a red collar .
The owner tries to hand a deflated ball to his dog .
A girl kisses another little girl while the third is falling out of frame .
Three girls pose for a picture and one of the girls kisses the others cheek .
three well dressed girls , one kissing the other , a third leaning back .
Three young girls are embracing each other and seem happy .
Two girls dressed in white and one dressed in brown .
A man and child underwater in a swimming pool holding their breath .
Kids swimming underwater in the pool .
Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool .
Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool and a girl is swimming in the background .
Two boys are swimming underwater with a woman in the background .
A boy in a striped shirt straddles two railings .
A boy in a striped shirt straddling the sides of a playground bridge .
A boy straddles a bridge on a play set outside .
The boy is on top of the railings .
The child in the striped shirt balanced between the wooden railings .
a girl wearing red submerges from the water .
a young girl in a swimming suit emerging from the water .
A young girl in red bathing suit is in the pool .
Blond girl with missing front tooth , in pool .
The little girl in the pool is wearing a red swimsuit .
A black dog running .
A black dog is running through a wooded area .
A black dog running through the forest .
Dog running through the woods .
The dog rounds the curve coming out of the woods .
An older woman in a red vest with a group of other people at the street .
an old lady walks down the street .
A woman in a red vest stands in a crowd .
A woman in red stands with other people outside .
Closeup of an elderly woman walking across a street with her male companion .
A man gets ready to take a picture .
A man is looking at his camera.
A man looking at a picture in his camera .
A man with a digital camera , looking at the screen .
A photographer prepares for a shot .
A dog is catching a Frisbee i its mouth .
A white dog catches a red disc in his mouth .
A white dog leaps up to grab a pink Frisbee .
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in midair .
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee .
a boy in a white t-shirt is playing on a swing that is attached to a tree .
A child smiles on a tree swing .
A child swings high with trees in the background .
A toddler at the high point of a swing in a tree .
A young boy riding in a swing .
A big dog shakes itself dry while standing in a creek .
A blond dog shakes water off next to a lake .
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself .
A tan dog is shaking water off its fur .
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry .
A blonde woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event .
A lady paying attention to what she is watching , another woman taking photos .
A woman in a blue shirt gazes into the distance .
A woman with a blue shirt and hoop earrings .
Woman with a blue shirt and hoop earrings .
A boy holding a toy football , runs along a paved path .
A boy runs past a house carrying a very small plastic foam football .
A boy runs with a very small football down a paved walkway .
A person runs with a small football .
a young boy running on a sidewalk holding a small football .
A black dog in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A black dog is swimming with a ball in its mouth .
A black dog is swimming with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A black dog with a ball in its mouth swims in the water .
A dog swims in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
a black dog plays with a ball in the water .
A black dog runs in the water holding a pink toy in its mouth .
A black dog standing in shallow water with a pink ball in its mouth .
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball .
The black dog is running though the water with a pink ball .
A brown dog and black dog are foraging in some brush-land .
A light brown dog and a black and brown dog are in some dry brush .
A yellow and black dog looking in the same direction standing in some brush .
One tan dog with a stick and one mostly black dog .
Two dogs playing outside .
A boy rides a horse .
A young boy rides a brown horse bareback .
Child with purple shirt and bluejeans is atop a brown horse .
The kid is getting onto the horses back by holding onto its hair .
The small child is on a horse 's back .
A brown , white , and black dog runs in the sand .
a large brown dog is running across sand dunes in front of some small green foliage .
A striped dog is running in the desert .
A wild dog runs through the desert .
A wolf running in sandy plains .
An oriental florist arranging flowers.
A person looking to the right standing between plants in buckets and a banana box .
A woman dressed in black standing at a green counter with barrels of flowers placed on it .
A woman is standing at a counter that is holding buckets of flowers .
The girl is sitting at the counter between the bucket of flowers and the cardboard boxes .
A man fishes near some white waves .
A man is holding up a stick by a breaking wave in the ocean .
A man looks out over the water with an object in his hand .
Man fishes in ocean .
There is a fisherman standing in front of a large wave .
A couple dressed for a formal event posing together .
A couple outside a church after a wedding .
A couple posing outside a building , while a woman in a green dress walks by .
A young couple in formal pose for a picture .
Young couple pose for camera in formal wear , older man and woman in background .
Two men dressed in white formal clothes and sunglasses pose , while one holds a drink .
Two men in white suits and glasses with a drink .
Two men in white suits cheer.
Two men wearing white suits and sunglasses are at a party punching their hands into the air .
Two young men in sunglasses and white suits raise their arms and smile in a bar .
A lady with red hair is standing in front of a mixing table with another person behind her holding up their hands .
A middle aged woman is standing by a DJ deck in a house .
A middle aged woman pretends to be a DJ as younger people point .
An older woman stands by turn tables as another female flips off the camera .
Red haired lady acts like a DJ .
A boy standing next to large fountain , with an office building in the background .
Kids are standing in the sprinklers getting soaked with water .
People are playing in water fountains .
People standing in water spouts in the city on a sunny day .
Young person stands in spray from a fountain under a cloudy blue sky .
A child in a white and orange outfit doing push ups .
A girl wearing blue goggles on her head makes a face while laying on the grass .
A little girl makes a goofy face and does a half push up in the grass .
A little girl with a bow in her hair , doing a push-up on the grass .
Child lying in the grass and wearing blue swim goggles on its head .
Three girls fell on top of one another and are laughing histerically .
Three girls pile on top of each other on the concrete .
Three girls playing on the ground .
Three teenage girls rolling all over each other on the ground , laughing.
Three young girls play wrestling and laugh a lot .
A jeep tries driving over a rocky hill .
An off road vehicle climbs over a dirt hill .
A vehicle comes over the top of a hill .
A white jeep in the dirt in the woods .
Monster Truck rides through dirt field.
Children are playing badminton in the garden .
Children play badminton on the lawn .
Three children are playing badminton .
Three young boys playing badminton , with a fence in the background .
Two boys hold badminton rackets to the sky in a backyard .
A bald man is sitting on a rock next to a woman in a black jacket .
One person is sitting on a large rock while another person is standing nearby.
The couple pauses atop a rocky overlook .
two people are sitting on a rock looking at the horizon .
Two people on a rock looking at each other .
Two cute little girls enjoying corn on the cob .
Two girls enjoy corn on the cob while sitting on a curb .
Two little girls sitting on the edge of a street eating corn on the cob .
Two young girls are sitting on the street eating corn .
Two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes .
A black dog is looking down at another black dog lying on the grass .
Two big black dogs play with each other in the grass .
Two black dogs are frolicking around the grass together .
Two black dogs are playing on the grass .
two black dogs play together on a lawn.
A group of children are playing near a statue .
A group of kids play on a colorful structure .
Four children playing on a tent-like structure.
Four middle eastern children , three girls and one boy , climb on a grotto with a pink interior .
Some children climb around a shrine .
a brown and white dog chasing a ball on some grass .
a brown and white dog has is playing with a white ball on the grass .
A collie plays with a white ball in a field of green grass .
A orange dog playing with a white ball on green grass .
A small brown dog paws at a white ball.
A little blonde girl running outside .
A little blonde girl wearing yellow laughing and running .
A little girl in a yellow jumper runs holding a bucket .
Little girl with blond curly hair and wearing a yellow dress is jumping up .
The young girl in the yellow dress is running in the garden area .
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing .
A little girl is hanging upside down from a swing attached to a tree .
A little girl with brown hair , jeans , and a white polka dot shirt , hangs upside down on a swing in her backyard .
A young child in a polka dot shirt hangs upside down on a tree swing .
child hanging upside down from a tree swing.
A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
A city break dancer starts to spin .
A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
Children watch a man doing dance moves .
The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
A girl wading through water in a lake .
A lit girl splashes around in natural water .
a young child running in the shallows at a lake .
A young girl playing in the water with others watching in the background .
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water .
Two girls are on a fair ride that is forcing them to be smashed together .
Two girls enjoy a ride at an amusement park .
Two girls on a ride at an amusement park .
Two girls riding an amusement park ride .
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride .
A boy rides his skateboard at the park .
A little boy in red skateboarding .
A young boy is skating through a skating park .
A young boy skateboards on a sidewalk at a skate park .
Little boy with red shirt and grey shorts does a trick on a skateboard .
A man skis on a snowy mountain .
A person skis down a steep snowy hill .
a skier skiing down a snowy mountainside.
A skier speeds through the snow .
The skier is descending the hill whilst wearing a silver helmet and red backpack .
A brown dog fetching a ball out of the water .
A brown dog is climbing out of the water with a green ball in its mouth .
A brown dog is pulling itself out of the water onto some rocks with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog fetches a tennis ball out of a pool of water .
A dog with a ball in its mouth getting out of the water .
A black dog on a white carpet next to an orange .
A black puppy is playing with an orange on a carpeted floor .
A black puppy standing inside beside an orange .
An orange on the floor next to a dog .
The black dog is standing by the wall next to the orange .
A dog jumping over a fence .
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field .
A white dog with black spots is jumping over a white fence .
The dog leaps over the fence in the park .
The spotted dog jumps a fence .
a muzzled white dog is running on the grass .
A white dog with a muzzle is running on the grass .
A white dog with a muzzle is running through an uncut field with a fence nearby .
A white dog with a muzzle trots on grass in front of trees .
White dog with a muzzle running in the grass .
A male in grey pants with a blue shirt and backpack walking down a sidewalk in a neighborhood .
A man walks between houses.
A person with a backpack carrying bags of groceries down a sidewalk between houses .
A woman with a backpack walks along a series of buildings .
The person is walking down a paved walk between two rows of houses .
A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb .
A toddler , with a paper hat and face paint , sucking his thumb .
A young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb .
The child has blue and black face paint on , and is wearing a paper crown .
Young boy wearing a paper printed hat , blue jacket and blue and black face paint holds hands near mouth.
A man in an orange cap standing on top of a pointy rock .
A man in brown pants , white shirt and orange hat stands on a rock near a wooded area .
A man is standing on the top of a rock .
a man wearing an orange cap and brown cargo pants stands on a rock by some green trees .
A man wearing an orange cap , white shirt , cargo pants , and hiking boots stands on a rock .
A brown dog in a red harness chasing a red ball .
A brown dog with a harness is chasing after a red ball .
A dog in a harness chasing a red ball .
A dog wearing a harness is playing with red ball in a grassy area .
A pitbull dog chasing a red ball .
Boy walks across shallow , reflective water in park area , ocean in background .
Man walking through large puddle of water .
People sit and walk outside near the water .
Person walking across a large puddle of water in a park .
Trees are reflected by a thin layer of water on the cement .
a lone skier jumping on the side of a snowy mountain .
a skier jumps over a gap .
A skier doing a flip while jumping .
The skier does a flip .
The skier does a high flip over snow in the mountains .
A black dog carries a bucket in its mouth .
A black dog carrying a hanging flower pot .
A dog next to pine tree biting on a bucket.
A furry black dog in a backyard carrying a basket in its mouth .
A furry dog is walking by green trees while carrying something in its mouth .
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background .
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck .
A woman in a black shirt smiling front of a car.
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck .
Smiling girl in front of a white truck .
A group of children are playing with bubbles outdoors .
Children play outside of a building trying to catch large bubbles .
group of kids outside a building reaching for a bubble.
The kids in front of the building are playing with a bubble .
With a yellow building in the background , several children are looking in the air .
A little child is in full ski gear while standing on the snow .
A little girl in pink is skiing .
A small child in a snowsuit and skis .
A small child wears skis on a ski hill .
a young girl wearing a grey snowsuit skiing on a snowy mountain .
A girl in a hat hangs from ropes in the woods .
A girl in a yellow sun hat is hanging on ropes .
A little girl in a hat and red pants balances on tightropes .
A little girl in a hat , striped shirt , and red shorts walking on a rope bridge .
A young girl balances on a rope ladder outside .
An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl .
an ambulance drives on the street .
A red ambulance drives down the street as two people look on .
Two people in Seattle looking at an ambulance in the street .
Two people stand before an ambulance .
A boy in a shirt and tie jumps off a staircase .
A child , wearing a tie , jumps off steps .
A young boy in dress clothes and a tie is jumping in the air .
Boy in white dress shirt , black slacks , tie and sneakers jumping down from steps near yellow flowers .
The young boy with nice pants , a belt , and a tie is jumping off the steps.
A woman is laying on a striped couch on a grassy yard in a residential neighborhood .
A woman lays on a sofa in a yard .
A woman lies down on an old couch sitting on the grass .
Girl poses on couch on suburban lawn .
There is a couch sitting on grass with a girl in jeans and light brown hair on it .
A man and a dog are in a canoe on the water .
A man paddles a canoe accompanied by a dog .
Man in kayak with large dog.
Man paddling canoe on green water , with dog in boat .
The man holds a wooden paddle in a canoe with his dog .
A child in a pink hat on a pink surfboard .
A girl in pink and man in black paddle through water .
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surfboard .
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board .
Two children splash through the water , one is wearing a pink swim cap .
A police officer posing with two army officers beside his motorcycle .
There are three policemen and a police motorcycle .
Three police officers next to a police motorcycle .
Three police officers pose with a motorcycle .
Two men in red berets pose with a motorcycle cop .
Men walking on city street with a yellow bus and two FedEx vehicles in the background .
some men crossing the street in a busy city.
Three men crossing a street , with trucks in the background .
Three men cross the street in front of a yellow truck .
Three men walking on a city street in front of a yellow bus and two FedEx trucks .
A brown dog chews on an orange ball .
A dog bites a big orange ball .
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth .
A dog playing with a ball .
The brown dog has an orange ball in its mouth .
A man in a red shirt shopping for candy.
A person wearing a homemade storm trooper helmet looking at a display of candy .
A young man wearing a large space helmet is looking at candy in a market .
Man with storm trooper head gear on shops for candy .
Person standing in front of colorful display of candy .
A bug sits on a girls finger while she looks shocked .
A girl in a school uniform screams with a bug on her finger .
A girl looks at a bug on her finger and looks scared .
A young girl makes a face as she looks at an insect on her finger .
The girl with glasses on has a bug on her right pointer finger .
A fisherman stands on the beach on a gray day .
A man holding a fishing pole and tackle box walking in from the ocean .
a man in a yellow cap is on the beach carrying a fishing pole .
A Man with a fishing pole standing on a beach .
A person is standing in the ocean fully clothed holding a fishing pole in one hand and a tackle box in the other .
Two girls in skirts smiling in a park .
Two girls playing .
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them .
Two young girls running towards tge camera in front of a flower garden and 4 adults looking at the flower garden .
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden .
A black dog splashes through the water .
A brown and tan dog is running through shallow water .
A dog is running in the ocean beside the beach .
A dog running through water .
Dog splashes running across water .
A child is riding a unicycle along a riverside path next to a woman who is walking a dog .
A woman and a boy on a unicycle .
A woman holds a leash with a dog in one hand and the hand of a child riding a unicycle in the other .
A woman holding the hand of a child in a red helmet on a unicycle .
The woman walking the dog is holding the hand of the child on the unicycle .
A black dog in front of a waterfall .
A black dog is standing in front of a waterfall .
A black dog plays around near a waterfall .
Black dog prancing through the river .
The large black dog is walking in the water .
A blonde boy with a long purple Mohawk is playing the violin .
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin .
A boy with a purple , spiky Mohawk plays violin .
A kid with a blue Mohawk is playing a violin.
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin .
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart holding up a cardboard sign .
A guy holding a sign , with a shopping cart .
a homeless man holding a sign written on cardboard.
A man holds a sign seeking money .
homeless man begging for money using humorous sign .
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach.
A child does a handstand at the edge of a beach .
A girl in jeans does a handstand on the shore of the ocean .
A woman does a handstand on the beach .
A woman wearing jeans is doing a handstand on the beach .
A boy in a black shirt is inside a structure with wooden ceiling beams .
A boy is playing in a dark theater near the stage .
A male in a black shirt near a large curved archway .
A young boy in an empty hall with two others in the background .
A young man wearing a black shirt looks down .
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool .
A boy falling headfirst into a pool.
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping headfirst into a swimming pool .
A brown-haired boy in swim trunks is flipped backwards over a swimming pool .
A young boy jumping upside-down into a pool .
A little boy is splashing around in the water in a kiddie pool .
A small boy in a blue shirt splashes water in a baby pool outside .
A small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .
a young boy paying in a small pool with water.
A young child splashes in a green and yellow wading pool.
A girl in a pink dress plays with a hula hoop .
A girl wearing a pink dress swings a hula hoop around her neck .
A little girl in a pick dress hula hoops with her neck outside .
Blond girl paying with a hula hoop .
Blond haired girl in pink dress with blue striped hula-hoop swinging around her neck .
A girl sits and laughs while in a kiddie pool .
A little girl in a metal tub filled with water .
A little girl is sitting in a metal tub filled with water .
A small girl in a tub of water .
A smiling young girl wearing a swimsuit is soaking in a tub of water .
A skinny girl rides by on a bike with a lot of people in the background .
A thin young woman in a green t-shirt cycles by a grey car .
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .
A young woman riding a bike down a street past a crowd of people .
People of all ilks on a busy street .
A little boy and girl are jumping on a trampoline in front of a yellow building .
Two children , a boy and a girl , in the air above a trampoline .
Two children jumping on a trampoline .
Two children jump on a trampoline .
Two young children Bounce on a short trampoline .
four children lay on a tube .
Several girls on a raft floating in rough waters .
The four kids are riding a raft on the water .
The kids ride a boat in the water .
Three girls and one boy are holding onto a raft as they are being pulled by a road through the water .
A man holds a stick while three dogs watch and jump .
A man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs .
The man in the blue shirt is surrounded by three dogs in the grass .
Three dogs are jumping up at the man waving a stick .
Three dogs trying to get a stick from their owner .
Two children are dressed as pirates .
Two children dressed as pirates.
Two children kneeling down with pirate hats on.
Two young boys are kneeling in the bushes wearing pirate costumes .
Two young boys wearing pirate hats are crouching down .
A black dog and a brown dog close together .
A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path .
One brown and one mostly black dog are either playing or fighting .
Two dogs are playing together outside .
Two dogs , face to face , on a dirt road .
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls .
A little girl plays in a ball pit .
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls .
A small girl is playing in a ball pit.
a young girl with a white shirt and pink shorts rolling around in some plastic multicolored balls.
A dog is covered from nose to knees in a blue sheet .
A dog laying with a blue blanket over his eyes .
A dog lays on a bed with a blue sheet while also partially covered with a blue sheet .
A dog under a sheet .
The dog is sleeping on top of the bed covered by the blue sheet .
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole .
A man sits on rocks by an empty chair at the ocean 's edge .
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water .
Man sits near water with fishing pole and empty camping chair .
The man in the white shirt is sitting on a rock with a pole in front of him .
A man holding up a red sign that offers the honest trade of a good poem for a Giant 's ticket .
A man holds a sign offering to trade a poem for a football ticket .
A man holds a sign offering to trade a poem for a Giants ticket .
A man in a grey shirt and backpack is offering poems for a Giants ticket .
Desperate Giant fan tries a creative approach to garner tickets .
A girl performs skateboarding tricks in an arena for skateboarders , while wearing a helmet .
A man wears a black helmet and is on a black skateboard .
A shirtless skateboarder .
A skateboarder wearing a grey helmet is riding his board along a concrete curve .
A view from the top of a skateboarder at the top of a ramp .
A girl in a bikini wears a sign saying " free hugs " .
A girl in a blue bikini is wearing a cardboard sign around her neck .
A girl wearing a swimsuit top wears a sign to give free hugs .
a girl wears a sign that says " free hugs " .
Woman in blue bikini wearing a " free hugs " sign .
a large woman dances .
A zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dancing outdoors , with a guitarist behind her .
I woman in a red halter dances to guitar music .
The large dancer is slinging her hair around .
Woman flips her hair as she dances outdoors , band in background .
A boy in swimming trunks is splashing in a swimming pool .
a boy jumps into the pool .
A boy splashes in a pool with his arms out to catch something .
a young boy jumping to catch something in a pool .
Boy reaches up while in pool .
A boy in blue and red trunks , with a green ball in his hand  is jumping into a pool .
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand .
A boy jumps into a pool while holding a ball .
boy in floral swim trunks jumps into the pool.
Boy in red and blue flowered trunks jumps into pool holding green ball .
A blonde girl poses for a picture at Kerry Park in Seattle .
A girl in a blue jacket is sitting in front of the Seattle skyline .
A woman looking at view of a city .
Blonde lady looks at Space Needle.
Blond woman overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .
A black dog and a golden dog approaching one another.
A black dog and tan dog run towards each other on a beach .
a black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach .
Two dogs playing on a rocky beach .
Two dogs running on the sand .
A man in a large red truck .
A man in a red truck is staring out the driver-side window .
A man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called Wilbert .
A truck driver is looking out of the window of his purple truck .
The truck driver pauses for a photo opportunity .
A woman in a hi-viz jacket is smiling at person carrying a stop sign in front of a crane .
a workers standing in the road holding a stop sign in front of another worker.
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic .
Two construction workers holding signs interact on a street in front of a large truck .
Two flaggers chatting on a construction site .
A brown dog races on an obstacle course .
A dog jumping over hurdles .
A dog leaps over the bar .
A long-haired dog is jumping over horizontal poles .
The dog is jumping over a yellow and white fence on an obstacle course .
The two boys , one in orange the other in teal , wrestle in the sand .
Two boys are playing in the sand at a playground .
Two boys tussle in the sand at a park .
Two boys wrestle together in the sand .
Two young boys are wrestling in a sand pit .
A man fly fishes in a large river .
A man stands on the edge of the water and holds a fishing pole .
A man with a tan hat and jacket is fishing in green waters .
one lone fisherman with his line cast out into the river .
The man is fishing at the water 's edge .
A little blonde girl stands on a pink skateboard .
A young blonde girl tries to ride a skateboard .
Girl on pink skateboard wearing black jacket.
Little girl in pink skateboard .
The young girl is standing on a skateboard .
a big tan dog drinks water from an outdoor water spout .
A closeup of a white dog drinking from a pipe .
A white dog in a brown collar drinking from a spigot .
A white puppy is drinking water from a tap attached to a white wall .
The dog is drinking water from a fountain .
A dog is running away in the grass.
A dog running on grass .
A dog running through the grass .
a dog runs across the grass .
A dog runs through the grass .
A boy is riding on an orange body-board in the ocean .
A child is laying on a bodyboard in the ocean with a man 's head in the background .
A child rides an orange boogie board in the waves while an adult looks on from the water .
a lone bodyboarder with an older man in the background.
People are swimming and floating in the ocean .
the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water .
Three boys grab onto an inflatable donut in the water .
Three boys on an intertube in water.
Three little boys on a float in a river .
Three people are in a body of water .
A climber in a yellow hard-hat is seen mid-climb from above .
A person wearing a yellow helmet attempts to climb a rock .
A woman works hard to maintain a fingerhold as she climbs a rock face .
Man straining to climb cliff face .
The gal in the yellow hardhat is rock climbing up the steep rock .
a black dog about to jump into a lack to get a small ball .
a black dog gets ready to jump into the water .
A black dog is preparing to jump off a dock into the water to fetch a ball .
A black dog on a dock about to dive into the water after a ball.
A dog leans off the dock to fetch a ball in the water .
A big , furry , black dog is on a blue leash and is coming out of the water .
A black dog on a blue leash is walking in a stream .
A black dog on a leash walking in water.
A wet black dog emerges from the water .
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water .
A boy jumps on a bed .
A kid is jumping on a structure covered with soft material .
A little boy wearing white jumps on the bed .
A toddler in a white sports shorts set jumping on a bed.
Child in white jumping on bed.
A smiling woman is wearing sunglasses on a day with sparse clouds .
A woman dressed in a Nike shirt and matching pants looks down at the ground .
A woman wearing a blue uniform stands and looks down .
The lady smiles on a clear day .
The woman is all dressed in blue and standing under a blue sky .
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake .
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake .
A young boy is leaping off a pier into the water , his leg thrust out .
A young boy jumps off of a wooden dock and into the water .
The boy wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a pier into a lake .
A group of four women raft along a river .
a group of girls in a small blue and red boat with yellow oars.
Four people in life jackets float on a raft .
Four people in orange vests in a blue inflatable boat with yellow paddles .
Kids rafting down the river .
A man is standing on an animal in the water .
A man is standing on an elephant lying in some water .
A man standing on a rock in a river with a spash next to him .
A man stands on top of an elephant in the water .
A man stands on top of a submerged elephant .
A boy in camouflage jacket notices several yellow ducks on display .
A little boy , in a camouflage jacket , looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks .
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks .
A young boy wearing army gear is picking up a rubber ducky in a market .
Small boy looking at a display of yellow rubber ducks .
A couple walking on a dirt road .
A man and women walk atop a hill .
Two people backlit with light sky .
Two people walk at sunset .
Two people walk on a path as the sun casts a shadow towards the camera .
A shadowy male looking at the far away hills .
A silhouette of a man over a mountaintop .
A silhouette of a man overlooking a large valley .
Silhouette of man in front of mountain landscape.
The man is in silhouette while the mountain landscape is visible .
A bike rider sitting on his bike on the sidewalk .
A leather-clad man rides a bicycle down a street.
A man dressed in a black vest , black hat , and sunglasses sits on a fancy bike on a city sidewalk .
A man is riding his bicycle down the sidewalk .
Man in punkish outfit rides unusual bike on city sidewalk .
A large woman carrying bags is standing outside of a shop .
A woman in purple walking past with a white bag in her hand , while an older man and woman are off to the side .
a woman wearing a purple outfit walking down the sidewalk carrying a white bag .
People standing on a sidewalk near shops .
Three people and a baby carriage in front of a store .
A brown furry dog is biting a no hair brown dog .
a brown hairy dog nibbles the ear of another dog that is baring its teeth .
A shaggy dog bites the cheek of a short-haired dog .
Two dogs are biting each other in the snow .
Two dogs are fighting in the snow .
A banner about a beauty parlor .
A billboard advertising a vacation in on a run-down street .
A dark haired man in white walks by a storefront under the sign for a beauty parlor .
A man walks under a sign advertising a beauty parlor affixed to a dilapidated building .
A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door .
A group of horseback riders travel down a dirt path .
A group of people are riding horses on a wooded trail .
Group of horse riders travel through the woods .
Horseback riders file down a wooded path .
Several people are riding horses on a wooded trail .
a boy in a white shirt and jeans in what looks like a black camper.
A child in a white shirt and jeans .
A little boy in a white shirt and jeans stands in an RV.
A little boy stands in the doorway of a van .
A small boy in jeans and a white shirt holding a piece of paper in a black vehicle .
a black dog is emerging from a red tunnel .
A border collie is running out of a red tunnel obstacle .
A dog peeks out of a red play tunnel .
Dog in folding red tunnel on grass .
The black and white dog sprints through the red parachute tunnel on the grassy field .
A little blonde girl splashing in a mud puddle .
A little girl finds joy in playing in a big , sloppy area of mud !.
A little girl with blonde hair is playing and splashing in a mud puddle .
A naked little girl plays in a mud puddle .
A naked little girl splashing in a mud puddle.
A shirtless man with a brown and white dog looking at a woman in jeans and a bikini top who is relaxing on a bench .
A shirtless man with a dog next to him talking to a shirtless girl slouching on a bench .
A woman in a bikini top is on the bench and a man with no shirt is talking to her .
A woman is sitting on a bench while talking to a shirtless man .
A woman with a hat is sitting on a skateboard which is on top of a bench and speaking with a shirtless man .
A little boy in a striped shirt going down a light and dark blue slide .
A little boy is sliding down a teal and blue slide .
A small boy is riding a water slide.
Small boy holding is arm out to balance himself while he goes down the fairground slide .
Small boy in blue striped shirt coming down large slide .
A brown and white dog plays with a ball in the dirt .
A brown dog is chasing after a soccer ball .
A brown dog jumps as he looks at a soccer ball .
The dog runs towards the ball .
This brown and white dog is chasing a soccer ball .
A brown and white dog is standing on a beach with a tennis ball beside it .
A dog is on the beach near a ball .
a dog on the beach .
The brown dog is standing next to a ball on the beach .
The dog stands in the sand near the ocean .
Two children lay under a sculpture of a fish , about to swallow them .
Two children lie beneath the hoof of a bronze horse sculpture .
Two children on their stomachs lay on the ground under a pipe .
Two children play beneath a metal statue .
Two young girls make faces from below a sculpture .
A group of older people are sitting outside under their marine-life-themed umbrella .
A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade .
A group of people sit on an outdoor patio with lots of potted plants .
A group of people sitting in chairs in a circle having a conversation .
Several people are sitting around a table on a patio .
A young boy sits at a picnic table and drinks out of a small cup .
Boy drinking , at backyard table full of bowls of food .
Child sitting at a backyard picnic table .
Little boy is drinking out of a glass at a picnic .
The boy drinks from a plastic glass while sitting at a table with food on it .
a boy holding an oar walk through the ocean .
a boy is carrying a paddle whilst walking through the water on a beach .
A boy is on the beach with a paddle in his hand as he walks through the ocean water .
A boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach .
A little boy walks with a paddle out into the sand .
A girl posing next to a big statue with a big nose .
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving .
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll .
A woman poses in front of a statue , while a man and another woman photograph her .
Woman in black shirt posing for pictures in front of statue .
The woman in yellow is throwing the football to the woman in brown .
Two girls playing catch on a lawn.
Two girls throw a ball back and forth in their backyard .
Two girls throwing a football in their backyard .
Two women play catch in a yard .
a big black and white dog jumping in a body of water .
A brown dog is jumping into a pond .
A brown dog leaps over the water in a grassy and tree-lined yard .
A large brown dog is jumping into a pond .
The large brown dog jumps into a pond .
A girl in a pink hat is running past a green wheelbarrow .
A girl runs in front of a wheelbarrow .
A little girl wearing a hat , playing surrounded by a wheelbarrow with wood in the background and a building .
A little girl wearing a pink hat is running near some garden tools .
A young girl with a painted face runs in a backyard .
A close-up of a man and woman wearing hats with pins on them.
A guy and a girl wearing baseball caps and black scarves around their necks .
A woman wearing a hat leans over to a man who has a tattoo .
The girls with a pierced lip and cap is standing next to a man with a beard and a black cap .
Two people sit side by side up against a tree .
A blonde woman wearing a green shirt and blue jeans walks away .
a girl in a blue hoodie is carrying a brown bag.
A woman in patterned blue jeans and a green sweater walks away whilst carrying a brown plastic bag .
A woman walking , wearing a green shirt and jeans.
It looks like the girl went shopping and got something from the AVEDA store .
A man is walking a dog on a leash down the street.
A man walking his dog in a crosswalk .
a man walks his dog in the street .
The man in the denim outfit walks a black and tan dog on a crosswalk .
Young man walking dog.
A brown dog with a pink collar with a heart on it playing with a bigger dog .
Big dog trying to bite little dog.
Both the larger dog and the smaller dog have their mouths open .
Two brown dogs fighting each other .
Two dogs , both wearing collars , are playing with one another in the grass .
A boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat .
A child hits a baseball .
A little boy batting with a red helmet on .
A little boy hits a baseball while his family watches.
Boy with black shirt and red batting helmet swinging bat at ball on ball field .
A campsite has been established amidst the trees and bushes .
A campsite with tents and picnic tables .
A group of people camp in tents near some trees .
A woman at a campground .
People are camping in a group .
A boy and a girl are riding in a red seat on a fairground ride .
A girl and a boy enjoy a fast amusement ride .
A young girl and boy on a ride at an amusement park .
Two children ride in a red seat on a fair ride and smile .
Two kids are on a fair ride and are slipping to one side of the car .
two brown and white dogs fighting over a Frisbee.
Two dogs fighting over a Frisbee.
Two dogs outside fighting over a red Frisbee .
Two dogs play with a Frisbee on the lawn .
Two dogs try to get the chewed-up red Frisbee from the other .
A person wearing a blue jacket , blue jacket and black earmuffs is holding up a newspaper .
A woman holding a newspaper .
A woman holds a newspaper that says " Real change " .
A woman with ear muffs holds a paper that says " real change " on the cover .
A woman in holding up a newspaper headline reading " Real Change  ".
A lady in black clothing holds her baby in a red sling .
A woman in black holds a baby in an orange blanket .
A woman in black is standing on an urban sidewalk carrying a baby in an orange baby wrap .
A woman is standing in the street with a baby in a sling .
A woman wearing black standing on the sidewalk is holding a baby in an orange carrier .
A group of people wait in similar attire .
an asian girl wearing a red hat along side several others with red hats as well.
A small group of Asian women wearing red head scarves and black shirts are shopping .
five Japanese ladies wear red bandanas.
Several asian women wearing red cloths on their heads .
A black and brown dog chasing after a bull in a fenced , muddy area .
A bull runs from an aggressive dog behind him .
A dog chases a bull through a muddy pen .
A small black dog chases a large animal in a fenced area .
The dog barks madly at the bull in the pen .
A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair .
A girl with a long , curly , red hair and green eyes .
A red-haired woman looks off-camera .
A red haired woman looks past the cameraman .
The redheaded woman is staring off into the distance .
A black haired woman in a white skirt and black boots is carrying a red bag and walking down the street .
A short girl in a white skirt , black boots , and a gray-green jacket carrying a red bag on the sidewalk .
A woman dressed up walks down the sidewalk with her back turned .
A woman in a skirt and boots with a red bag walking down the sidewalk .
A woman with a short , white skirt , black boots and a red bag walks away .
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd .
Two people are dressed in animal costumes and are walking down a street .
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd .
Two people dressed in animal costume outside of a building .
Two people in animal suits in a square .
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field .
A boy is making the victory sign with both hands.
A boy is standing on a grassy field with his arms raised while others are standing behind him .
A young boy poses in a grassy field as onlookers stand in the background .
People are standing in a field .
two woman wearing skirts walking down the street together.
Two women in skirts walking across a street .
Two women ion skirts walk across a parking lot .
Two women , wearing skirts and carrying purses , cross street in urban area .
Two women with purses walk in an urban location .
A black and a brown dog are fighting .
The black dog and brown dog are wrestling in front of the fireplace .
The black dog and the brown dog appear to be wrestling .
Two dogs wrestling in front of a fireplace.
Two dog wrestling .
A black dog finishes running down a blue and orange ramp .
A black dog has just run down a blue and red ramp on an obstacle course .
A dog and person doing an agility course .
a dog runs dog a ramp .
A dog runs down a ramp past its trainer .
A child playing on the monkey bars at a playground with an adult present .
a girl hangs on the bars .
A kid hangs upside down on the monkey bars at a playground .
a young children hanging upside at the playground.
girl hanging upside down on blue monkey bars.
A brown and white Sheltie leaping over a rail .
A collie is running through an obstacle course.
Collie jumping over a training hurdle that is on the grass .
Collie making a jump over a yellow hurdle .
The dog is leaping over a hurdle .
A little girl in a pink hat is playing with a soccer ball .
A young girl is playing with a soccer ball in the grass .
Little girl with pink hat playing with a soccer ball .
The little girl wearing a pink hat is bending down to pick up a soccer ball .
Young child playing with a soccer ball in a grassy area .
a little girl running in a field.
A little girl walking on the green grass in front of a big stone .
A small child is in a grassy field near an old structure .
a small child running along the grass with a large pilar in the background.
A young child walks on the grass away from a stone monument .
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide .
Two children holding hands going down a large inflatable slide .
Two girls slide down the air-filled slide .
Two kids slide down a giant inflatable slide .
Two little girls slide down an inflated slide .
A girl drinking from a water fountain .
A girl is drinking from a drinking fountain .
a girl takes a sip from the water fountain .
A woman with a green shirt takes a drink from a water fountain .
The girl is taking a drink from a water fountain .
A man is holding three things on fire in front of a child 's playground .
A man is in a park with three fire sticks in his hand .
A man near a playground holding three sticks on fire .
Man holding torch of fire .
Man holds three burning sticks while standing near a playground .
A man is playing with a fire baton in the day light .
A man juggling fire .
A man stands near a playground .
Man throws flames outside .
The guy is holding a black stick in front of a playground .
A girl doing the splits in midair .
A girl is doing the splits in the air in front of some trees .
A woman grabbing her feet while jumping in front of trees .
A young girl doing a trick in midair in front of a tree .
Jumping girl grabs her feet , plants in background .
A man in a helmet treads water .
A man wearing a helmet , floating in the water .
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water .
Mountain climber safely lands in the water .
The spelunker finds water during his trek .
A kid in red falls as he struggles with a kid in white to get to a soccer ball .
Children chasing the ball in a soccer game .
Little boys running and chasing a soccer ball .
The boy with the red soccer suit is falling down while the boy in the white shirt has his eyes on the ball .
Two teams of children , one in red and the other in white , are playing soccer .
A man and young boy play on the monkey bars .
A man holding a young boy so he can cross the monkey bars at the playground .
A man in orange shorts holds a child up on play equipment .
A man lifts a child up to reach the bars at a playground .
A man supports a boy as he plays at a playground .
A dog plays with a soccer ball.
A dog tries to play with a ball that is tossed to it .
A dog with a blue collar plays ball outside .
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on his head in a grass field .
The dog , all belly , leaps in the air to catch a large ball .
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool .
A young boy wearing blue shorts is splashing is a blue kiddie pool .
Child in blue trunks splashing in blue kiddie pool.
Child in kiddie pool splashes water , sticks out tongue .
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool .
A baby sits with a big sleeping dog .
A boy toddler climbs on a big white sleeping dog .
A little boy is petting a very large sleeping dog .
A little child is sitting next to a beige colored dog .
A young boy plays with a sleeping tan dog .
A little boy playing in the water while its raining and an adult while an adult holds his hand.
A man holds the hands of a child standing in the water .
A toddler plays in water while an adult holds his arms .
Boy plays in fountain while man holds his hands .
the young boy in red jumpos in the puddle .
A man in a gray shirt and black shorts poses in front of a mountain .
A man in a grey t-shirt standing in front of a snow-covered mountain .
A man poses near a mountain .
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain .
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain .
A girl sliding down a pole.
A small child with a ponytail dressed in jean shorts and a pink and brown shirt climbs on a pole near wooden playground equipment .
A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment .
A young girl slides down a bar in a play structure .
A young girl sliding down a black pole .
A girl blows a whistle .
A little girl in a yellow dress with red flowers blows a whistle .
A little girl with a yellow dress blows the whistle .
A small girl blows a whistle .
A young girl in a yellow flowered sundress holds something in her right hand to her mouth .
A bearded man in white clothes is sitting on a long bench .
A man dressed in white sitting on a bench .
A man in a white outfit on a bench.
A man wearing white sits on a wooden bench against a white wall .
an middle eastern man in a white robe is sitting on a wooden bench with his shoes off .
An exited girl in a bright pink shirt is observed by another girl in a light pink shirt .
Two children in pink shirts in front of a store with a bear on the sign and on the window .
Two girls are standing outside of build-a-bear .
Two little girls in front of the Build a Bear workshop .
Two young girls play together in a mall .
A male hiker sits perched on a high rock in the mountains .
A man is sitting on a rock high up in the mountains .
A man is sitting on top of a snow covered mountaintop .
A man sits on a rock near mountains .
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting on top of some jagged rocks with mountains in the background .
a man enjoying the view from top of a mountain.
A man in a blue shirt sitting on the side of a mountain wearing a backpack .
A man in grey on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .
A man sits on a cliff and looks out over another mountain .
one man wearing a grey shirt and a backpack with snowy mountains in the backgroud.
A firetruck stops and makes a call at a bridge , where a man and his dogs are running .
A firetruck with ladder extended on the side of the road .
A jogger with a dog approaches a ladder truck .
A jogger with a dog running towards a firetruck with extended ladder on a road.
A man walks on a sidewalk and a firetruck is nearby .
A man and a woman in blue jog on the sidewalk while a man stretches on a park bench .
An older couple jogging by the water.
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront .
Two people wearing blue are jogging on a sidewalk in front of a lake with mountains in the backround .
Two women jogging down a sidewalk in front of a person leaning on a bench in front of a lake  with another person.
a boy in an orange jacket climbes through a play tunnel.
A boy slides through a tube .
A smiling child slides down a slippery tube slide.
A young boy wearing a red coat is playing in a long tunnel .
Smiling boy in tube , extending had toward camera .
A boy kicks a ball in his living room .
A boy kicks a blue ball in a room .
A child kicks a ball into the air .
A child standing on one foot and surrounded by toys .
A little boy is kicking a blue ball on the carpet surrounded by toys .
Two dogs run in a field looking at an unseen Frisbee .
Two black and white dogs in a field of flowers and grass .
Two black and white dogs look toward something in the air while running in a grassy field .
two black and white dogs running in a flowery field.
Two dogs change direction in an uncut field surrounded by low brush .
Twin girls in orange shirts and green pants are jumping .
Twins in orange shirts jumping on a trampoline .
Two girls with orange shirts .
Two identically dressed young children jump outside .
Two young twin girls in matching green and orange outfits jump in the air .
A little boy in a red shirt plays with a park telescope while a girl in a pink skirt watches .
A little boy plays with a telescope in a park while a little girl watches .
A little boy uses a telescope to view an object far away while a little girl stands nearby and watches .
A young boy uses a water gun as a young girl watches.
The boy in a red shirt plays with the telescope as a girl in a pink dress watches .
A chubby or buff kid in shorts is holding on to weights .
A small boy is holding some weights .
A young boy with no shirt and white shorts .
Boy in shorts holding a remote .
The little boy is wearing white shorts .
A hippie girl is dancing in front of a band while carrying a bottle of water.
A woman dancing with a bottle of water to the band playing behind her .
A woman wearing a halter top dancing in front of a band .
A woman with a strapless top is dancing to guitar music and holding a water bottle .
A young woman with a water bottle , near a guitarist .
A couple in the front are dancing among a group of people .
A couple with bright hair embracing near a crowd of others .
A group of people is gathered in front of fountains while a couple wearing leather outfits are in an embrace .
A group of young adults are organized on a hot day in a park with a fountain .
Two women in black embrace at crowded outdoor event .
A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it .
A man dressed in black leather with a red bandanna is smiling at the camera .
A man wearing a leather jacket .
a man wearing a red headband and a leather outfit standing outside .
A man with a beard , red headband , and leather vest smiles .
A lady waiting .
an asian woman stands with her messanger bag .
A woman looking away from the camera , and another woman standing next to a wall and by a fence .
A woman with a bag stands on a street near a man leaning on a wall .
Women wait on a sidewalk .
Children are jumping up and down inside a caged trampoline beside a building .
four children are playing on a trampoline .
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline .
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors .
Young girls jump on an outdoor trampoline .
A girl in a green shirt is playing on a swing .
A girl on a swing in the park .
A girl plays on the swing .
A girl sings on the swing set in the park , behind the leaves of the tree .
A little girl on a swing .
A blond man with big blue eyes is smiling.
A man in a green scarf is bearing his teeth .
A man making a funny face towards the camera using wide eyes and a large smile .
A man with red hair grins .
A strawberry haired guy flashes his blue eyes and big smile at the camera .
The women sit outside on the steps reading and drinking .
Two girls sit by a doorway on the steps .
Two women in period dress sitting in a doorway .
Two women in traditional European dress sit on a stoop , one drinking , the other reading .
Two women with white head garb and long dresses sitting in front of a door on steps reading and drinking a beverage .
A rock climber repels off a rocky wall .
A woman climbing a rock cliff .
A woman in jeans rock climbing .
The woman is holding onto a huge rock and has red string around her .
Woman goes rock climbing .
A backpacker in the mountains using his hiking stick to point at a glacier .
A backpacker points to the snow-capped mountains as he stands on a rocky plain .
A hiker is pointing towards the mountains .
A hiker poses for a picture in front of stunning mountains and clouds .
A man with a green pack using his pole to point to snowcapped mountains .
A group of people hiking through ice .
Four mountaineers are walking on a trail under the moon that is visible in the blue sky .
Four people maneuvering over a snowy , rocky terrain .
People on a snowy hill .
Several people are standing on top of a snowy , rocky hill with the moon in the sky .
A child in yellow overalls is walking over packed dirt .
A child without a shirt running in the dirt .
A little boy in overalls runs fast on a dirt trail .
A small child in overalls running .
A toddler is running down the path with an orange toy in his hand .
A child in a red jacket , sitting atop a slide .
A toddler in tan pants and a red hoddie on a slide .
Small child in red jacket and khaki pants at the top of a slide with a fence behind .
The little boy has a red coat on as he plays outside .
The little boy in the red coat and tan pants is at the top of the slide , holding on to the handles of the slide .
A man dressing in a black shirt is waiting to cross the street with traffic .
A man standing in a crosswalk.
A man waiting for traffic to stop at road crossing.
An asian man tries to jaywalk on a street with heavy traffic .
Man waits for taxis to pass before crossing the wet road .
A boy wearing a red shirt and jeans is doing a flip on his bike .
A person flipping a bicycle upside down .
a person flips on a bike .
A person in a red shirt doing tricks on a bicycle .
A person is show upside down on his bicycle over a large field .
A climber traverses a rope ladder between cliffs .
a long woman wearing a white helment crossing a chain linked bridge.
A man is crossing a mountain pass on a metal bridge .
A woman is walking across a step ladder bridge between two mountains .
A woman traverses a wire bridge across a rocky canyon .
A woman in a black jacket and black and white skirt walks down the street .
A woman in a dark jacket and black and white skirt walks down the street .
A woman wearing black and white crossing a road .
a woman with a bag around her standing in the street.
woman in black and sunglasses standing in road.
A group exercise session at the beach .
A group of people are doing aerobics in the ocean .
A woman is leading an exercise group on the seashore .
many people exercising in the ocean.
The ladies do water aerobics on the beach .
A climber stops to take a drink while climbing a snow covered mountain .
A man holding a cup on a snow mountain .
A man in a yellow suit is holding up a cup while standing in snow .
A mountain climber stops for a drink .
A mountaineer in a yellow jacket is drinking from a thermos cup .
A man at the top of a mountain with a beautiful view in the background.
A man is sitting on a snowbank .
A man on a snowy peak .
A person in red snow gear is kneeling on a snowy ridge under a blue sky .
mountain climber in a red suit poses on snowy peak with mountains in the background.
The children play in the pool .
Two children are playing in an outdoor swimming pool .
Two children playing in a swimming pool .
Two children play in the water of an above-ground pool .
Two little girls playing in the pool .
A boy that is wearing a brown hat and shoes that have red soles is on a swing in a park .
A boy with closed eyes , wearing a hat , on a swing .
a boy with red soled shoes is playing on a swing .
A little kid plays on the swing at the playground .
a young girl swings on a swing .
A bearded man in jeans and a black shirt riding a bicycle in the street .
A man with a giant white beard rides a bicycle next to a bus .
A white-bearded man rides a bike next to a city bus .
Man with white flowing beard in jeans and t-shirt riding a bike .
The man with a white beard rides a bike near a bus .
A dog is chasing a ball in a backyard .
A dog runs for a tennis ball in a backyard with a tile courtyard .
A grey dog runs in a backyard terrace .
A white dog running in the backyard .
Grey dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard .
A girl jumping in a puddle .
A small girl jumps in a puddle .
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet .
Little girl jumping in water puddle.
Young girl in red skirt jumping in water on a flooded street .
Two boys and a ball.
Two boys are playing with a soccer ball on a sports field .
Two boys run after a soccer ball on a field .
Two children play soccer on green grass .
Two little boys playing soccer on a field .
A group of young soccer players run down the field after the ball .
Boys are playing soccer .
The soccer player in the checked shirt is moving the ball pursued by the players on the other team .
Two boys soccer teams play , one boy goes after the ball .
Two teams of boys playing soccer .
A man dressed in green with a blue backpack takes photos while sitting on a rocky surface .
A man in a green jacket has set up a camera on some rocks .
A man is trying to photograph a rocky outcropping .
A man with a backpack climbs over many rocks .
Man with outdoor gear taking a picture .
A bearded man with a backpack on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridge .
A man dressed in warm clothes stands before a bridge that traverses a river .
A man standing in front of a wooden bridge near a rocky river .
The man is walking outside near a rocky river .
There is a man with a moustache , cap and backpack standing by a bridge that running crosses water .
A city street has three people walking in different directions .
A man stands by a building while others are nearby .
Men walk down a street with skyscrapers in the background .
The buildings are brown and the sky is blue .
Three men on a city street with the shot taken up and out toward the buildings .
A man and a woman sitting on a bench.
An older couple is resting on a bench .
An older man and woman sitting on a cement bench with frowns on their faces .
An older woman and an old man sitting down looking unhappy .
An overweight woman and man have upset faces as they sit on a bench .
A child is jumping into an inflatable swimming pool .
A girl plays in an inflatable pool .
A girl plays in a small pool .
A little girl plays in a blow up pool .
A small girl in a bathing suit jumps above a kiddie pool .
A black and a white dog are going after a tennis ball .
There is a dog with a Frisbee and a dog jumping up to get a ball in the green grass .
Two dogs jump for the same tennis ball as a dog runs with a Frisbee in the background.
Two dogs jumping for a ball , with a third carrying a Frisbee .
Two dogs reach for a yellow Frisbee as it flies through the air .
A boy is leading donkeys on a path .
A man and two pack mules walk across a field in front of a mountain .
A man is walking in a field behind two donkeys .
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains.
A person in a blue jacket follows two donkeys along a mountain trail .
a lone climber on a snowcapped mountain with several huge mountains in the background .
A man is standing looking at the path ahead while hiking in a mountain range .
A man on top of a mountain looks at the mountains surrounding him .
A person with a backpack stands on a snowy mountain .
Sole mountain climber stands atop snowy peak looking left.
A girl hanging on to the rings of a jungle gym .
A girl is hanging from metal rings .
a girl wearing pink hangs on the hoops .
A young girl reaches for playground rings with determination in her eyes .
The girl is playing on a swing set with rings .
a man gives a fish to a boy .
A man shows a fish to a child .
A man wearing a white hat holds a fish up for a small child wearing a life vest .
Older man showing fish to young child .
The man wearing the cap is handing a freshly caught fish to the boy in the purple hat .
A child in a white shirt and brown pants is walking through an uncut field .
A child wearing a white shirt is walking through the green grass .
A small boy with braids runs through a field of tall green grass .
A young child runs through a large field of grass .
The child is walking through tall grass on a sunny day .
A girl appears to be hanging upside down from a jungle gym .
A girl hanging upside-down with a house in the background .
A girl hangs upside down on a swing set at a park .
A girl in a green shirt hangs upside down from playgroud equiment .
A girl in a green shirt is hanging upside down .
A man wearing red shorts dribbles a basketball behind him .
A man with no shirt plays basketball .
An athlete in red shorts is caught frozen during a basketball move .
A shirtless man in red shorts bouncing a basketball on a court .
Man in red shorts bouncing a basketball .
girls with baseball gloves walking across a baseball field.
A woman in camouflage and her hair up in a ponytail walks on the field with a black softball glove on one hand .
A woman playing baseball walks back to her base while her feamle teammate follows .
A woman with a glove on a baseball field with another woman.
The girls return to the field during their softball game .
A brown and a brown dog are running .
Two dogs running in the dirt.
Two dogs running over packed dirt and rocks.
Two dogs run through mud .
Two large dogs run along a muddy path .
A group of girls in pink formal gowns stand in a line in front of a crowd .
Ladies wearing pink dresses and heels looking towards other people .
Six females in formal attire stand as onlookers .
Six women in pink silk dresses stand in a line with their backs to the camera .
Six women wearing matchin pink dresses in front of a crowd.
A group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain .
Children are being splashed with water .
Children are playing outside in a fountain .
Five children are being sprayed by a water fountain.
four children are playing in a water fountain .
A man and two boys standing in spraying water .
A shirtless male looks to his right while water flows over him .
Two boys in swimsuits standing under running water .
Two boys playing in water .
Young boys enjoying a spray of water .
A few people sit together on the snowy mountaintop .
A group of climbers rest on a summit that overlooks another mountain range .
A group of mountain climbers rests at the summit .
A group of people sitting on top of rocks with snow covered mountains on both sides of them .
People are sitting on a snowy mountain .
A hiker in a tent on a mountain .
A hiker pokes his head out of a tent high in the mountains .
A man sits in his tent on a mountain .
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain .
Someone is peaking out of a dome tent pitched near a snowy mountain .
A black dog is poised to catch a Frisbee .
A brown dog runs after a red Frisbee .
a dog in the foggy distance catching a Frisbee.
A dog runs through grass , while a Frisbee flies through the air .
Animal running after Frisbee in field .
A group of children stand in the savanah , animals in the background .
A little girl in bright yellow with a group of kids .
Children are walking along a dirt path .
Many children walk together on a dirt path .
Several young children standing in the sun .
a black and white dog jumping in the air surrounded by snow.
Black and white dog jumping up in the snow .
Dog jumping in the snow near a tree .
Shaggy little dog jumps in the snow .
The white and black dog leaped into the air and off the snowy ground .
Four boys are in the living room talking .
Four boys are shown in a house playing and all wear t-shirts .
several young boys looking into a computer monitor.
Three boys look at a laptop computer while a four talks on the phone .
three boys stand by a computer .
A child in a white shirt clapping their hands .
A girl raises her hands up in a crowd of people .
A little boy wearing a white shirt and gray pants appears to be dancing .
A young boy dances in a crowd .
Crowd of people outside with child in center with hands raised .
A boy has his swear gear on .
a boy with floatlys gets ready to jump in the pool .
a young boy wearing red floaties about to jump into a pool.
The little boy is wading through the pool with red arm floaties .
The little child is wearing red arm floaties .
A child is jumping into a swimming pool .
A little boy in black shorts jumps into a backyard pool next to a yellow stucco house .
A little boy jumps high above the swimming pool with a man in the background .
The boy jumps into the blue pool .
Young child in midair descending into pool .
The hikers take a tandem leap while crossing the bridge .
two guys jumping up while crossing a bridge.
Two men are jumping in the air whilst crossing a wooden bridge .
Two people are jumping on a bridge in the mountains .
Two young men jump on a bridge .
A blond boy wearing water wings bends down at the beach .
A blond haired child with blue and red floaties playing in the ocean .
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water .
Boy with floaties with his feet in the sand on the beach .
Small child with blue floaties on bending over at the beach .
A smiling woman holds two small children .
A woman holds two baby girls whilst sitting cross legged on the grass .
A woman is holding two children while sitting on the grass .
A woman is sitting on the grass and holding two children .
A woman wearing jeans and brown flip flops holding two blonde hair toddler girls wearing pink shorts and shoes .
A girl is skipping across the road in front of a white truck .
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot .
A girls skips rope in a parking lot .
A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot .
A young black girl jumpropes through a parking lot .
A girl is in a parking lot jumping rope .
A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot .
A little girl jumps rope through a parking lot.
A young girl jumps rope in a parking lot in the mid-day sun .
Girl jumping rope in parking lot.
A human figure stands on the peak of a snowy mountain .
A man is standing on a mountaintop looking into the distance .
A man is standing on rocks looking towards the mountains .
a man stands on top of a mountain .
Man standing at the top of a mountain at dusk .
A hiker is climbing up a very steep mountain .
A male hiker carries his gear up the snowy mountain .
A man hikes up a huge mountain .
Hiker in blue shirt and red shorts stands on hill near mountain .
The man is hiking up a grassy mountainside .
A hiker treks up the snowy mountain .
A man climbing a snowy mountain .
A man skiing in the mountains.
A mountaineer is ascending a snow covered trail whilst attached to a rope .
A person in a blue hat climbing up a snow covered mountain .
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset .
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sunset .
A man 's sillouhette at sunset .
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset .
A man stands on a hill at dusk .
Two brown dogs are playing with a red ball .
Two brown dogs fight over a red ball while playing in the grass .
Two brown dogs run over the grass carrying a red toy .
Two daschunds play with a red ball.
Two little wiener dogs are running on the grass carrying a red ball between them .
A curly haired dog tries to bite another dog wearing a green and orange collar .
One brown dog is bearing its teeth at another brown dog with a green collar in a park .
Two brown dogs playing .
Two dogs , one with its mouth open .
Two golden dogs playing with one another.
A woman in a green wig hula-hoops in front of a crowd .
A woman with green hair hula-hoops in a flowered orange top .
A woman with green hair hula hoops before a crowd .
A woman with green hair is hula hooping .
The girl with green hair and a green glove is swinging a hula hoop .
A boy plays on a green swing .
A small boy in a swing .
A small child smiles while swinging inside a green playground toy .
A young boy smiles as he rides the swing .
a young child swinging on a green swing .
A black and white dog has pinned a brown dog to the ground in front of a wishing well .
A white dog is trying to play with a brown dog .
A white spotted dog plays with a brown dog on the green grass .
Two dogs play together on the grass in front of a small stone well .
Two dogs wrestling on a green lawn .
A girl in a purple shirt feeding ducks.
A girl wearing purple lean over the edge to reach for the ducks .
A little girl dressed in a pink shirt , blue shorts and a pink hair ribbon feeding ducks that are swimming in water .
A little girl leans over the side of a wall to feed ducks in the water .
Little girl feeds the ducks .
A boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods .
A boy wearing a helmet on a bicycle in a wooded area .
A boy with a helmet mountain bikes through the woods .
A child is posing on his mountain bike , and wearing a helmet .
Helmeted boy bicyclist on path in the woods .
Two girls play outside with chalk .
Two little girls are sitting on pavement playing a game with candy .
Two little girls play with sidewalk chalk .
Two little girls sit in front of the flower garden , playing with chalk .
two young girls sitting on a sidewalk coloring on it with chalk.
A dog is running through a lake towards some trees .
A dog running into a pond to fetch something .
A dog swimming in a pond .
An animal is attempting to cross the river .
An unknown animal or person is swimming in a natural lake setting .
A girl climbing a tree .
A little blond girl with a pink coat hides in a tree .
A little blond haired girls peers at the camera through the leaves on the tree that she sits on .
a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree .
The young girl happily plays in the tree .
A civil war reenactment with cannon teams firing cannons .
A Group of men firing an old fashion cannon .
A recreation of some battle .
sveral men participating in a civil war reenactment.
War reenactors fire a cannon .
A child holding up a sign with a skull and crossbones .
A child wearing a pirates costume holds up a skull and crossbones sign .
A little boy dressed as a pirate holding up a skull and crossbones 's flag.
A little boy dressed as a pirate is holding up the skull pirate flag .
A young boy dressed like a pirate is holding a sign with a skull and crossbones on it .
A dancer in a dancing pose on the street , audience in the backgound .
A female performer is barefoot and performing in front of a crowd .
A woman in a tank top and capri pants costume taking a bow in the street .
A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade .
Female street entertainer with horns doing a curtsey .
A dark haired woman in black and gold walking through a street festival .
A possible woman dressed as a belly dancer holds out a cloth with beads on it .
A woman in a parade is wearing a black sequined costume .
A woman is wearing black with gold sequins and spangles .
A woman with black hair and a weird outfit on .
A person in a dress and a pink feathered hat rides a unicycle in a parade .
A person is riding a unicycle on the street with many other people around .
a person wearing a black and pink outfit and hat riding atop a unicycle down the street .
A woman wearing black and pink and large , feathered hat rides a bike in a parade .
A woman in a black dress and hat rides a unicycle in front of a crowd .
A black policeman is smiling at a larger woman.
A policeman grins at a woman wearing beads on a crowded street.
A policeman hugging a woman on the street .
A police officer has his arm around a woman on the street .
A woman chats with a smiling police officer .
A group of people gathering around a bag of groceries .
Children look at a statue of a woman carrying a grocery bag .
Children standing next to the statue of an old woman holding full paper bags .
Kids looking in an old woman 's grocery paper bag .
The woman is holding a grocery bag as several children look into it .
A girl is running towards a field of tall flowers .
A woman in tight jeans and a long-sleeved top in front of a line of yellow flowers and a slightly cloudy skyline .
A woman with long hair walking through a meadow.
Girl walking in field with yellow flowers.
Woman with long hair walking in a field of grass and goldenrod .
One girl is hugging another girl in front of an American flag .
Two girls hugging in front of a giant American flag .
two girls in front of large american flag.
Two young girls are hugging in front of an american flag .
Two young girls hug in front of the American flag.
A woman in a brown jacket is standing on a rock with a forested background .
A woman posing near a cliff.
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling .
A woman stands on a mountain overlooking a rolling field of trees underneath a blue sky .
The person poses for a picture on a cliff overlooking a valley .
A little girl smiles as she wears a white bowl on the top of her head .
A smiling blonde girl with a red striped shirt is sitting in a chair at a table with a white porcelain bowl on her head .
A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head .
A young girl in a striped shirt wears a bowl on her head .
A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head.
A black and white dog jumping into the air .
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball .
A dog jumping high into the air in the country .
A dog jumping in the shade of trees .
A dog jumps high , with its mouth open .
A child in a green hat swings on monkey bars at a blue playground .
A child playing on a playground play set .
A child swinging on a playground play set .
A little boy is climbing on the monkey bars at a playground .
Kids playing at a park jungle gym .
A child is playing on the beach splashing water everywhere .
A child is splashing in the surf .
A girl plays on the shore at the beach .
A girl splashing in a wave at the beach .
A young child is splashed by the ocean 's waves while she plays on the beach .
A man in a blue swimsuit jumps from a cliff into the water while another man watches .
A man jumping off of rocks into a pool of water .
One boy in orange shorts standing on a rock cliff over water , while the other boy in black shorts jumps off into the water .
Two males on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water.
Two males on a rock over water , one in midair jumping into the water .
A group of little girls perform a recital onstage dressed in all white .
Eleven girls in white tutus stand and pose onstage .
Group of ballerinas in white tutus get ready to dance.
The little ballerinas are all wearing white bows , dresses and leggings .
Young girl ballerinas in white tutus on a stage .
A boy in a black shirt has thrown a snowball that has left a trail of snow behind it in the air .
A boy in dark clothing near a fountain water spout .
A boy is sprayed by water .
A boy throws an object in front of a glass building .
A young man dances by a fountain .
A black and white dog jumping out of the water and a brown dog shaking off .
A brown dog and a black and white dog stand beside a hole in the dirt .
A three legged black and white dog running behind a brown dog with a red bandanna .
Two dogs are shaking themselves dry on the path next to the water .
Two dogs are shaking water off .
A large woman with a pink feather boa strolls down the sidewalk .
A woman in a blue dress , a cowboy hat , and a pink boa walks down the street .
A woman in a pink scarf walking down the street .
A woman with a pink boa walks down a sidewalk .
The woman has a pink , feathery scarf .
Three fishers walk over rocks toward water , lake and cloudy sky in background .
Three people are standing on rocks near a body of water .
Three people are walking on rocks towards a lake .
Three people stand with fishing poles on the rocks near the water .
Three people walking along rocks , going to go fish.
A pink ball is being held up before three dogs on a beach .
Three dogs look as a human holds a pink ball on the beach .
three dogs on a beach looking at a red ball in someones hand.
Three dogs stare at a red ball at the beach .
Three dogs stare curiously at a chewed up toy.
Two grocery store employees talk at a checkstand .
Two people are working at a coffee shop.
Two workers at a grocery store .
Two workers at a grocery store observing something out of camera range .
Two workers in a store are wearing aprons .
The two boys are playing with fake swords .
Two boys fighting with rattan sticks shaped like swords , one standing the other kneeling .
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods .
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard .
Two young boys are swinging stick swords at each other in the grass .
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne .
A motorcyclist is attempting a jump with another motorcyclist nearby as well as onlookers .
A person in a red , white and blue jumpsuit flying through the air on a yellow motorcycle .
A person in midair on a yellow motorcycle .
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump .
A man is riding a tiny motorcycle through a busy market .
A man on a bike is seen among a crowd of people at an outdoor event .
A man rides a very small bicycle in a small town fair .
A man riding a red motorbike near a large crowd of people by some tents .
many people at a gathering .
A little girl in a white sundress smiles and slides down a blue slide .
A little girl on a blue slide at a playground .
A small girl wearing a white and multi-print dress sitting at the bottom of a slide .
A young girl is at the bottom of a slide .
The girl in the white dress is going down the blue slide.
A man and a big , brown dog are playing tug-of-war with a toy outside .
A man and a dog are playing tug of war .
A man and a dog tussle over a toy in a grassy yard .
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope .
A man playing with his dog .
a brown dog and a white dog are running across a stony hillock .
Two brown and white dogs , one a boxer and the other a terrier , play on a rock covered hill with a blue sky and powdery clouds in the background .
Two brown and white dogs run on rocks , sky in background .
Two dogs are running along a rocky hill .
Two dogs run next to each other across rough terrain .
A girl in a tree .
A girl in a tree smiles .
A little brown haired girl up in a tree .
The smiling girl has climbed a tree .
Young girl with long , dark hair , in a tree .
A big dog sniffs a little dog .
A dog sits back on his hind legs and another dog stoops down .
A large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling .
A smaller puppy playfully nips at a larger dog .
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside .
A girl prepares herself for the swim meet .
A young girl wearing a bathing suit and goggles sits and waits .
A young swimmer sits in a bathing suit and waits for the next race .
Kid sits wearing swim gear .
Young girl in a competitive swimming outfit .
A close shot of a young swimmer sitting on the edge of a pool in front of others .
A swimmer with goggles on looking towards something out of view .
A young girl dressed in swimwear and goggles.
A young girl in her swimsuit is getting ready to compete .
The swimmer is wearing goggles and looking into the distance .
A girl in a bathing suit , swim cap and goggles .
a girl wearing a swim cap and goggles on her head at a swim meet.
A young female wearing a swimsuit , goggles , and swimming cap looking in front of her with an open mouth .
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit , a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head .
A young girl sitting in swimming gear.
A baby is in an activity chair in a child 's playroom .
A baby is in an bouncy seat with toys surrounding him .
A baby playing in a toy.
a smiling baby is sitting in a white baby bouncer surrounded by toys .
Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor.
A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside .
a small shaggy dog plays with a red ball on the grass .
A Yorkie trying to catch a red toy .
little dog is jumping up to catch a red ball in its mouth .
The dog jumps up to catch the red ball .
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass .
A little dog is looking at a red ball .
a little furry dog playing with a red ball in a forest.
A small dog tries to catch a red ball .
This tiny dog is about to jump in the air to catch a red ball .
A little dog is attempting to catch a red ball .
A small black and brown long haired dog prepares to catch a red ball in the grass .
A small dog is about to catch a red ball while in the grass .
A small dog tries to catch a red ball .
Dog catching red ball in a field .
A brown and black dog running to fetch a red ball .
A dog and a red ball in the air .
A small dog is running behind a red ball thrown towards bushes .
A small dog plays on the green grass .
A small dog runs after a red ball , though a leafy outdoor area .
A child does a karate kick and jumps from a red couch .
A child is performing a jump kick pose in midair over a red couch .
Little boy doing a flying kick in a lited room with shadows .
The boy is bouncing on the red couch .
The boy leaps of his bed with a karate kick .
A baby and a toddler are smiling whilst playing in a nursery .
A baby in a bouncy seat and a standing boy surrounded by toys .
A baby in a walker and an older child nearby .
A young boy and his baby brother get excited about picture taking .
Two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat .
A girl is stretched out in shallow water.
A girl wearing a red and multi-colored bikini is laying on her back in shallow water .
A little girl in a red swimsuit is laying on her back in shallow water .
A young girl is lying in the sand , while ocean water is surrounding her .
Girl wearing a bikini lying on her back in a shallow pool of clear blue water .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee.
A black and white dog jumping in a yard .
A black dog jumps for a Frisbee in a backyard with a white fence .
A dog catches a flying disk in a yard with a tree .
A jumping dog in motion .
A boy in a green wetsuit takes his turn in a water sprinkler and a group of others wait .
A group of children play in a sprinkler outside .
Children are taking turns running through a water sprinkler .
Several kids run and play in the sprinklers .
The boy takes his turn through the sprinkler and jumps with joy .
A child does a handstand in a pool .
A child stands upside down in a pool .
A child that is doing a handstand in the swimming pool has her legs sticking out of the water .
A woman is diving into a swimming pool .
A young girl is doing a handstand in a pool .
A small black dog is playing tug of war with a large brown dog wearing a yellow triangle .
A small dog playing tug with a larger dog.
Two dogs , one bigger than the other , are playing tug of war .
Two dogs play tug of war .
Two dogs tug at the same item while wearing training gear .
Two black dogs are bearing their teeth beside a white couch .
Two black dogs are fighting in front of a tan sofa .
Two black dogs fight with each other , with their teeth bared , in a plush carpeted room .
Two black dogs play or fight together .
Two large black dogs are snarling at each other .
A blue-robed and hooded figure is walking past occupied tables in an upper-class room .
A figure in blue robes walks around in a hotel lobby .
A person dressed in a blue hooded cloak with several people in the background .
A person in a scary gray robe .
The man dressed in a blue wizard 's outfit is walking through a building .
A boy holding a cookie and wearing a red hat is looking at the camera .
a boy in a red baseball cap eats a Ritz cracker and has a big pink cup of juice.
A little boy wearing a red hat with an Ritz cracker in his hand .
A small boy with a red ball cap holding a cracker with a pink cup nearby .
The small boy in the red hat has a cracker .
A family waits next to some portable toilets in the city .
A few people standing around five orange port-a-potties which are placed in the middle of a city .
People near 5 orange outdoor toilets in a city.
People standing by a row of orange portable toilets .
Some people stand by a group of 5 orange portable bathrooms .
A black dog is happily running through the grass .
A black dog running toward the camera .
a black dog runs with its tongue out .
A dark dog with its tongue hanging out runs through the grass .
A dog plays in the grass .
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water .
A dog is distance jumping into a pool of water while spectators are watching .
A tan dog leaps into the water .
Dog leaps into pool marked for distance , man and woman watch in background .
Two people watch a dog run along a blue cloth with numbers on it .
A brown dog is running through a brown field .
A brown dog is running through the field .
A brown dog with a collar runs in the dead grass with his tongue hanging out to the side .
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field.
A dog running in the grass .
A boy in a red hooded-coat is riding a pool broom like a horse in an empty pool .
a little boy wearing a raincoat plays with a mop .
A little kid in a red jacket riding a broom like a horse .
Boy in raincoat straddle stick outside .
The child in raingear is dragging a broom through a puddle .
A closeup of a brown dog in front of a building .
A dog in the grass in front of a building .
A dog lies in the grass next to a mansion .
A little dog on a field in front of a building ; taken from the dog 's perspective .
A small brown dog stands in the grass next to an ornate building .
A boy does a flip while another boy stands on the Matt .
A boy standing on a red mat with a person upside down in the background .
A child does a flip behind a small boy .
A young boy is standing near another doing a back flip .
Two kids playing on mats .
A man balances a ball on a Japanese umbrella .
A man balances a ball on top of an umbrella .
A man balances a ball with a pink umbrella while people watch .
A man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street .
A man is balancing a red ball on top of a pink umbrella in a city street .
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed .
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping .
A boy with his arm wrapped in an ACE bandage rests in a bed .
A kid with a broken arm asleep in his bed.
Child in blue shirt with eye closed and left arm wrapped with ace bandage and propped on a white pillow .
A group of people are sitting around a campfire at night .
A group of people sitting on the grass by a fire at nighttime .
A group of young people are sitting around a fire pit .
Friends enjoy a campfire .
Several people sitting around a campfire.
A group of people stand at the edge of a cliff over the ocean .
A group of three boy scouts rest on a bluff overlooking the ocean .
Three men stand on a cliff overlooking a lake .
Three scouts are on top of a cliff overlooking the ocean .
Two men are sitting on a rock near the ocean with another man standing nearby .
A man in a bathing suit stands near a yellow kayak .
A man in swimming trunks walking down to his belongings that are piled on a yellow canoe .
A man in swimming trunks walking toward bright yellow and orange kayaks .
A shirtless man walks toward a yellow kayak .
Man prepares to take a kayak ride .
A black and brown dog running across the grass .
A black and brown dog runs in the grass while hanging its tongue out .
A black dog runs on green grass towards the camera .
a brown and black dog on the grass.
The German shepherd runs happily in the park .
Three climbers on rocks near waterfall .
Three men climb a natural waterfall rock face .
Three men in matching outfits climb a rock wall next to a waterfall .
Three people are climbing rocks near a small waterfall .
Three people rock climbing in matching clothes beside a small waterfall .
A young child raises her arms while jumping on a yellow blow-up toy .
Child in light colored clothing standing with arms extended outward .
Children jump in bouncy gym .
Two girls playing inside a jumper house .
Two little girls play in a yellow inflatable house .
A baby is dressed up in pink gear and staring while an adult holds her steady .
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult 's lap .
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat .
A woman is holding onto a baby wearing who is wearing sunglasses .
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held .
A woman watching two kids playing at a pool .
a young girl jumping into a pool while another stands on the side with an innertube .
A young girl jumps feet first into a swimming pool while another little girl and woman watch .
Two little girls play at their family 's backyard swimming pool while a woman looks on .
Two little girls play by a hotel pool .
A black dog stands on a rock , green fields behind him .
A black dog with white paws is climbing over a rock .
A black dog with white paws stands on a large rock in a field .
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field .
The black dog is climbing on a rock .
A child in a straw hat stands on stones at a beach .
A kid wearing a hat and wet pants stands on a rock at the beach .
A small child wearing a hat is playing on rocks at the edge of a body of water .
Child wearing a hat steps on rocks on shore , water in background .
Lady with straw hat covering face and head standing on a rock in front of the ocean wearing red sandals .
A boy in a swimming pool .
A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool .
A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .
A little boy in a swimming pool .
A young boy with a necklace on in the water .
A man crouches down to take a picture .
A man crouching and holding a camera .
A man is squatting in brush to take a photograph .
The cameraman is squatting among the rocks with his viewfinder to his eye .
This man is in camouflage clothing , in a wilderness area , aiming a camera .
A little girl plays with the tire swing at the playground .
A young girl at a park is jumping off a tire swing while it is swinging into the air .
A young girl swinging off a tire swing.
Girl in red outfit jumping out of tire swing.
Little girl in red dress plays on outdoor tire swing .
A kite surfer is doing a flip over the waves .
a man jumps over a wave on his surfboard .
A person on a parasail jumps off a wave .
A silver craft rides the waves .
A windsurfer angles over a wave .
A boy jumping in the air on the beach .
A boy with swimming trunks and goggles jumping on the sand by the beach.
A kid with sunglasses in jumping on the beach .
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach .
Boy in swim trunks jumping on beach.
An adult and three children walk along the beach .
A woman and three children walk on the beach in a line .
A woman is walking along the beach with three children following behind her .
A woman walks along the beach as three children follow her in a line .
The boys follow their mother on the beach .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two small white dogs playing on short grass .
Two white dogs are playing on the grass .
two white dogs play in the grass .
Two white dogs play on the green grass .
A wet brown dog is jumping into the air to try and catch a basketball with his mouth .
A wet brown dog is playing with a white ball .
A wet brown dog jumps up to get a white basketball .
a wet dog chasing a white ball.
The wet dog leaped toward the basketball .
a group of children from many races are standing in the fountain of a busy plaza .
Children play in fountains that spray water from the ground .
Children running through fountains of water in the midst of crowd .
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people .
Several children are playing in water fountains .
A group of children run a footrace in the snow .
A group of young boys race on a snowy day .
School kids racing in the snow .
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background .
The young runners are racing through the snow .
A dog has jumped in the air to catch a tennis ball .
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball .
A small brown dog jumps and catches a tennis ball.
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth .
Small dog catches a tennis ball in its mouth indoors .
A man in a wetsuit with a surfboard walks along a beach.
A person in a wetsuit is carrying a surfboard into the ocean .
A Person with white and black suit board waking into the waves .
A surfer in a black wetsuit carrying a surfboard into the waves .
a surfer in a dark wet-suit carries a white surfboard towards the ocean .
A naked baby and toddler are playing with red fingerpaints .
A naked baby and toddler on the floor covered in paint , the toddler putting her hands on the baby 's head .
A naked baby and toddler smear each other in paint .
A naked toddler is covering a naked baby with paint .
Two naked young children smear each other with red paint .
A girl in an orange tank top stands outside a cafe .
a girl standing outside of a clothing shop.
A woman stands near chairs and tables , outside a store .
A woman stands outside near a dress shop .
There is a sidewalk with a rack of dresses and a girl in jeans and a red shirt .
a brown and white dog is running on the grass .
A brown and white dog is walking through a grassy field .
A brown and white dog running with his tongue hanging out .
A closeup of a brown dog with his tongue out .
A puppy plays in a field .
A man is sitting by a large plant waiting to shine a customer 's shoes .
A man sites on a bench waiting to shoe shine .
A shoe-shine man sits on his stool in front of an empty seat .
a shoe shiner waits for customers .
A shoe shiner waits for customers .
A boy lays on top of a girl in a field .
A girl and a boy in a park kissing in the grass on a sunny day.
A young boy and girl cuddle in a grassy field .
Person in black shirt lying on top of person in red shirt in the grass .
Two people are laying down and kissing on a grassy lawn .
A child at a party swings a bat at a pinata , encouraged by a father .
A little boy in an orange collared shirt is swinging a baseball bat .
A little boy in a red shirt is swinging at a pinata .
A little boy in orange hit the pinata as a man stands behind him .
The small boy in an orange shirt gets some help from an adult while swinging at a pinata .
A boy stands in the road wearing a big red hat .
A boy wearing a red hat is standing in the middle of the road .
A little child stands in the middle of the street wearing a large red hat while people sit on the grass .
A small boy wearing a red hat is standing in a street .
A small child with a funny red hat stands in the road .
A boy waves around a sparkler .
A child in a red shirt plays with fireworks .
A child spins a sparkler leaving a light trail .
A little boy is holding a lit sparkler in the backyard .
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air .
a blond woman wearing an apron standing in front of a bar with several empty wine glasses.
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror .
A woman in uniform rests against a bar .
a woman stands alone in the restaurant.
The waitress in standing in front of the bar at a restaurant .
A dog coming out of a large yellow tube .
A little brown and white dog emerges from a yellow collapsable toy tunnel onto the lawn .
A small dog in front of a yellow tube on grass .
A small white dog walks through a yellow tube .
A white dog emerges from a yellow tube on an obstacle course .
A young girl has on rollerblades and looks ready to give it a try .
A young girl on Rollerblades .
A young girl with rollerblades and green foliage in the background .
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades .
The young girl is rollerblading outside near green bushes .
A little white dog runs out of a yellow tube while a man runs along clapping .
A small dog runs through an obstacle course .
A small white dog runs .
Little dog running through an obstacle course .
Small show dog just ran through an orange flexible tube .
A brown dog with very floppy ears runs through a field of emerald grass .
A fluffy dog in grass .
A spaniel runs through the grass .
Brown and white dog runs at camera over grass .
The dog has his tongue sticking out and walking in the grass .
a boy holds two sparklers .
A boy plays with sparklers at night .
A child holds sparklers in the dark .
A little boy holds fire sprinklers out in front of him .
A small boy holding two fireworks sparklers .
A man in a white shirt is on his cellphone by the gate .
A man stands outside of a doorway on his cellphone .
A man wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by green bars , and his holding a cellphone up to his right ear .
Man in white shirt talking on phone.
Man is talking on mobile , standing in a doorway .
A boy runs near some steps .
A little boy is running on some concrete steps .
A young boy in a green shirt and green sweat pants running on a concrete floor .
A young boy runs down a cement stairway .
The small boy is running and smiling .
A boy being pulled on a shovel .
A happy child play in the scoop of a shovel by a chair in a grassy backyard .
A little boy in red flowered shorts is sitting on a shovel .
A little boy smiling and riding in a shovel .
Small boy in red shorts with blue flowers sitting on shovel in the grass near a tan chair .
A girl wets her head in a white bucket .
A little girl dips her hair into a bucket filled with water .
A little girl has dunked her head in a bowl of water .
A little girl in a dress lifts her soaked head from a bucket .
a young girl lifting her wet hair out of a white bucket.
A boy tries to throw water on another person with his water bottle .
A boy wearing a red shirt is splashing water on a woman 's legs .
A boy with a bottle plays with an older girl .
A young boy splashing an older person with a bottle of water.
The laughing boy holds a water bottle while a lady with wet pants walks nearby .
A child is squirted with water while older people sit and watch .
A child surrounded by adults in lawn chairs being splashed out of a bottle of water .
A group of older women watch a little boy laugh as he gets squirted with water outside .
a young boy smiling with people looking in his direction and a bottle to his left.
The family enjoys an afternoon at the park in the shade .
An adult and a child hold hands as they walk up a grassy hill .
A woman and child are holding hands walking up a grassy hill on a fair day .
A woman and child walking uphill.
A woman and young girl climbing a grassy hill .
A woman with her sweatshirt tied around her waist holding hands with a young girl in a green shirt as they walk up a grassy hill .
A brown and black Yorkie is playing with a red ball .
A dog is staring at a red ball coming towards him .
A small black and tan dog jumps to get a red ball .
A small dog trying to catch a red ball outside.
Small black and brown dog playing with a red ball in the grass .
A man with a baseball cap and shiny sunglasses looks down while another bald man looks down .
Man in denim cap and sunglasses amid a crowd .
Man in denim hat wearing dark sunglasses .
Two men in sunglasses look at something in front of them .
Two men wearing sunglasses .
A girl makes an arc of water with her hair in a pool .
A young girl doing a back flip in the water .
The girl is leaning back and splashing water with her hair .
The girl is taking her hair out of the water .
Water streaming from a young woman in a swimming pool flipping her wet hair backwards .
Two children in a yard wearing sunglasses , with a play structure behind them .
Two children in orange sunglasses .
Two children wearing sunglasses sit outside of a plastic tent .
Two little girls sitting in the grass wearing sunglasses .
Two young children wearing sunglasses.
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog .
A woman is throwing a red Frisbee toward a brown dog .
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog .
The woman wearing the pink jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the dog to catch .
Woman with camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown dog to catch .
Three dogs are playing in the water .
Three dogs in different shades of brown are playing in the water .
Three dogs playing in the green water .
Three dogs play in water .
Three dogs play together in the water .
A large man in a leather costume plays a big drum beside a little boy playing a little drum .
A man and a little boy beating drums .
A man plays a drum and a little boy hits his own , little drum .
The man with the big drum is marching next to a boy with a small drum .
The small child bangs his drum whil looking at an older man doing the same .
A child at the top of a fake rock wall .
A child climbs a rock wall .
A child wearing a green shirt is bungee climbing .
A young boy in a green shirt is strapped in a harness climbing a rock wall .
A young boy is rock climbing while suspended in a harness .
A smiling woman punching a dog .
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down .
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog .
The girl with the green scarf and the white dog appear to be playing .
The light brown dog with white spots is nibbling on the girls hand .
A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide .
A little girl in a white top is inside a concrete tube .
A little girl is sliding down a tunnel smiling .
A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day .
A young girl in inside a tunnel .
A boy in a blue shirt .
A little boy in a blue shirt looking at the camera , concrete in the background .
A little boy walks around with a white t-shirt and black shorts outside .
A small boy looking at the camera .
The small boy is walking on a street lined with people .
A child jumping from a slide into a pool .
A girl goes down a yellow slide into a pool .
A girl is jumping into a pool with two slides behind her .
A little girl jumps from the yellow ladder into the swimming pool .
A young girl in a blue bathing suit jumps off of a yellow slide into the water .
A baby lays next to a big brown dog on a palid bed cover .
A large dog lays next to a small baby with a pacifier in its mouth .
Baby with pacifier and brown dog lay together on the blanket .
Naked baby with a pacifier in its mouth is laying next to a brown and black dog .
The baby is lying on the floor next to the dog .
A boy walks in a meadow near some trees .
A little boy in a blue shirt is running through a forested green area .
A little boy in shorts and t-shirt run in a field of grass towards some trees .
A youg boy in a blue shirt walks through a park .
Little boy running in a grassy field towards a tree .
A dog on the heels of a man .
A little dog with a red ribbon on its head takes a walk .
A small dog with a red ribbon on its head walks through the grass .
The little dog walking on the grass has a red bow in its hair .
Yorkshire terrier walking in the grass .
A child walking on rocks .
A girl walking on rocks .
A little girl in a white coat plays in a rock garden .
A young girl walks across big rocks .
Little girl walking on rocks near grassy area beside building .
A man belaying down a waterfall.
a man in a harness wearing a white hat climbing down a waterfall.
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope .
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope .
The man in red is propelling down the waterfall .
A group of people walking on a rocky ridge .
A man and two boys are climbing on a rock in the park .
Three people climb on a large rock .
Two boys and a man holding a white hat climb on a rock with a lawn and shade trees visible in the background .
Two children and a man on a boulder .
A bare chested smiling child plays in water .
A child with shoulder-length brown hair is playing in water outdoors .
a topless boy with long hair who is drenched in water , is flexing his muscles whilst smiling .
A wet , smiling child without a shirt poses with arms raised .
A young boy with long hair plays in the water .
A lady in an orange dress rides a ride at the fair .
A woman in an orange dress riding a carnival ride .
A woman sits alone at a carnival in a lift .
A woman wearing an orange dress makes a face while riding above the fair .
The woman is wearing an orange dress riding on the ferris wheel .
A boy and a girl go down a metal slide .
A boy and girl going down a metal slide .
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide .
Two children playing on a metal slide .
two children slide down a slide .
A dog stands shoulder deep in muddy water .
A dog with white fur is moving through deep murky water .
A light tan dog swimming through swampy water .
A white dog is standing in mud up to its neck.
A white dog is wading in natural water with algae .
A blonde child is being bitten on the nose by a little orange kitten .
A cat bites a human 's nose .
An orange striped kitten is biting a girl on the nose .
A orange kitten biting the nose of a child .
Orange striped kitten biting blonde girl on the nose.
The men are in a rocky mountain area .
These two people in hats are standing on rocky terrain , with their arms around each other .
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain .
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain .
Two men posing for a piece in front of snowcapped mountains .
the two girls are carrying several stuffed toy animals .
Two girls stand on a walkway holding several stuffed animals .
Two little girls are standing with bunch of stuffed animals on a white stone path .
Two little girls on a stone path holding stuffed animals .
Two small girls are holding stuffed animals .
A boy wearing black shorts is jumping into the ocean .
A child in swimming trunks jumping into the ocean .
A child jumps over ocean waves at a beach .
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf .
A little boy in black shorts is jumping in the water at the beach .
A dog is jumping to play in the water.
A white dog is jumping up at a jet of water .
a white dog jumping in green grass by a brickwall and a stream of water.
A white dog jumps from the grass into water from a hose .
A white dog jumps on the green grass next to a brick building .
A little red-haired boy runs down a grassy hill followed behind by two girls .
The children run through the tall green grass .
Three children are running down a grassy hill .
Three children running down a grassy hillside .
Three children running downhill.
A brown dog chases a tattered ball around the yard .
A brown dog is chasing a tattered soccer ball across a low cut field .
Large brown dog playing with a white soccer ball in the grass .
Tan dog chasing a ball .
The tan dog is chasing a ball .
A curly-haired boy jumps up on a bed .
A little boy jumping on the bed.
A little boy with brown curly hair , wearing a red shirt , is jumping on a white bed .
A young boy in a red shirt jumps on a bed .
The young boy in the red and blue outfit is poised in midair .
A girl in a pink shirt on a carnival ride with a huge stuffed animal .
A girl sits on a ride with a stuffed animal next to her above a carnival .
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds .
A little girl sits on a Farris wheel seat next to a giant stuffed animal .
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair .
A couple is standing against a railing looking at a beautiful lake and sunset .
A couple takes in the view at the water at dusk .
The couple is standing by the railing overlooking the water .
Two people stand against the railing above the water and watch the sunset .
Two people stand close together looking at a river from behind a fence .
A group of teenagers near Simpsons characters .
a group of teenagers standing outside of a convienance store .
Four young people with cold drinks stand on the sidewalk in front of cartoon cutouts of the Simpsons also holding cold drinks .
Three people stand outside a fast food joint with their drinks .
Three teenagers drink Slurpees outside a convienience store .
A girl is on the sidewalk looking at a white van in the street .
A woman in white is pointed at by a sign on the road saying look right .
A woman standing in front of the words " Look Right " painted on a street .
The little girl in a white dress stands by a street with white words written on it .
The words " Look Right " with an arrow painted on a city street , with a female in the foreground .
A group of people are getting fountain drinks at a convenience store .
people get their slushies .
Several adults are filling their cups and a drink machine .
Two boys in front of a soda machine .
Two guys getting a drink at a store counter .
A baby girl has the contents of a red pot all over her face .
A baby girl holding a red plastic box in one hand and eating from it with the other , some of it on her face .
A little girl in a highchair has food all over her lower face and her finger in her mouth .
A toddler with pudding all over her face and hands from eating with her fingers .
The little girl is in her high chair eating jello .
A German Shepherd chases another with a stick in his mouth .
A German Shepherd dog following another German Shepherd who has a stick in its mouth .
a German shepherd dog is running behind another German shepherd dog that is carrying a stick in its mouth .
Two German shepherd dogs are running with an object in one 's mouth .
Two German shepherds playing with a stick .
A bull stands in a field , next to a red car .
A red car is parked next to a black bull in a grassy field .
A red car parked next to a cow in a field .
Large black animal is as large as small red car.
There is a small red car with a black bull standing beside it in the middle of a field .
A group of young blond children , one carrying a rifle , poses in front of a house .
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut .
five kids posing for a picture one is holding a gun.
Four brothers and one sister posing for a picture , smiling .
There are five kids standing next to each other , and the one in the red has a gun .
A couple hold each other , standing on a ferry , looking out at a ferry .
A couple standing on the deck of a boat watching the water .
A man embraces a woman as they look over the railing out over the water at a ship .
Couple overlooking a metal rail with water and a boat int he background .
The couple is together looking at the large ship in the ocean .
A girl is blowing a huge bubble .
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble .
girl in red shirt blowing a bubble.
The girl wearing the orange shirt and glasses is blowing a huge bubble .
The young girl blows a huge bubble .
A boy plays in a pool with an inflatable toy .
A boy swimming in a pool .
A child on a pink raft in a pool .
A small boy swims with a pink floatation device in a swimming pool .
Boy playing on a pink raft in a pool .
The little boy covering his mouth is sitting between a covering his eyes and another boy covering his ears .
Three boy do " Hear no evil , see no evil , speak no evil  ".
Three boys sit down and make gestures with their hands .
Three little boys sit together making faces .
three young boys playing hear no evil , speak no evil , see no evil.
A child is waiting on the beach holding a boogie board .
A girl looks out into the ocean as she stands on the sand with her yellow boogie board .
A young girl holding a boogie board at the beach.
A young girl standing on the beach with her body board looks out on the ocean .
A young woman holding a surfboard contemplates the ocean .
One climber is sitting on the rock overlooking the ocean whilst another climber is on her way up .
Two people are on a rock overlooking the ocean.
Two people climb a rock overhanging water .
Two people climb rocks over some water .
Two people rock climbing near water .
A black man with facial hair wears a navy hat and blue jacket in front of a white background .
A man in blue cap and jacket looks frustrated .
A man wearing a backwards baseball cap .
A man wearing a blue baseball cap is gazing into the distance .
A man with a beard and a navy blue backwards baseball cap stares intently at something in the distance .
Many people standing and sitting on the street in front of billboards .
People sitting on benches beside the street .
Two men sitting on a bench on a street next to two women doing the same .
Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it .
Two people sit on a bench on a city street .
The two dogs are white and black and are digging in the mud .
Two black and white dogs after something in the mud .
Two black and white dogs look at a yellow ball in the wet sand .
Two dogs fight over a ball that 's in a puddle .
Two nearly identical dogs try to paw a ball out of muddy water .
A dark skinned man smoking a cigarette near a green trashcan .
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette.
A man stands outside smoking a cigarette.
A man with glasses smokes a cigarette .
A child stands near a fence .
A small child touches a wooden fence .
A toddler boy stands by a wooden fence .
A toddler in a white t-shirt is touching the wooden fence .
Blond boy touching wooden wall .
A girl in a pink swimsuit jumps through a water sprinkler .
A little girl in a swimsuit jumps over a sprinkler with her eyes hut .
A little girl running through yellow sprinkler in a grassy yard .
A young girl running through a sprinkler.
Little girl in pink bathing suit jumping through a sprinkler toy outside .
A black boy and white boy in swimming trunks are hugging each other on a beach or lake .
A white boy and black boy embrace .
Two boys in red swim trunks hold each other in the water .
Two kids are hugging playfully in shallow water .
Two kids are standing in the ocean hugging each other .
A child and dog are shown silohuetted in afternoon sun in front of a lake or pond .
A little girl is walking a dog by the water .
A small boy walking a dog on a leash by a lake .
A young child leads a large dog on the shore .
A young girl walking her dog beside the water with the sun reflecting on it .
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in a field .
A dog running in the grass with a stick in his mouth .
A furry white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth through the grass .
A shaggy dog carries a stick through a grassy field .
The dog runs through the grass carrying a stick in its mouth .
Two babies look up while they are playing in a playpen with a lot of balls .
Two boys in tent-like area , with colorful balls on floor .
Two children look up .
Two kids are in a pen playing with colorful balls .
Two young children play with colored balls .
A child in winter gear is hiding inside a cave made of snow while it is snowing .
A child wearing a black cap with an orange stripe is in a snow tunnel .
A person crawls through a snow tunnel .
A person in a snow tunnel .
The child is in a hole and is wearing a black and orange hat , a jacket , and a glove .
a boy in blue carries a bucket .
A boy in blue swim trunks carries a blue bucket down a crowded beach .
A child walks on the beach with a bucket .
The boy in the blue shorts is carrying a bucket on the beach .
Young boy in blue shorts at the beach .
a redheaded woman eating some food with a few people standing around her.
A woman wearing black is standing by a woman with bright red hair outside a storefront .
People , one of which is a redhead , are standing near the entrance to a store .
Two girls stand outside of a shop .
Two women , one with red hair , stand outside a store .
People walk outside on a wooden walkway .
three woman walk on the sidewalk .
Two elderly women are walking past a younger woman on a public path .
Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky .
Women walking beneath a blue sky and powerlines .
A girl in a pink outfit and a blue cap laughs .
An Asian girl in a pink dress is smiling whilst out in the countryside .
A smiling girl in a hat carrying a striped cloth in a field .
A young girl laughing .
a young smiling girl in a hat crouched in a field.
A black and white dog following behind some spotted geese .
A black and white dog stalks a flock of five geese .
A flock of brown and white geese are walking through grass with a black and white dog nearby .
A group of ducks in a field .
The black dog is crouching down in the field behind the ducks .
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in its mouth is humping over a man 's back .
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in its mouth leaps through the air next to a young man in a knit cap .
A dog catches a pink Frisbee .
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth , jumps over a man .
Dog jumps over a man and catches a Frisbee in his mouth .
A child is splashing in the water at the beach .
A girl is playing in the ocean at dusk .
A kid splashes in the ocean .
A person is standing in water with it splashing all around them while another person lingers in the background .
Two children playing in the surf .
A red haired little boy smiles while swinging .
A redheaded child is happily swinging in park .
A smiling child is swinging on a swing .
Boy playing on the swing .
Young Blonde boy on swing set in park.
A baby hangs off an adult 's back while laughing .
A child is hanging upside down from an adults shoulders .
A girl is upside-down on someone 's shoulders .
A small child hangs upside down from the back of an adult .
A small child is hanging upside down from an adult 's shoulder .
A small blonde boy and another small child are inside a cushion doghouse with a brown dog .
Two children and a brown dog in a brown tube .
Two children and a dog are in a bedroll .
Two children in an enclosed dog bed with the dog .
Two youn boys lay in a dog house with their dog .
A child in the bathtub with water coming out of his mouth .
A child spitting out water .
A small boy in the bathtub spits water .
A young child in a bathtub spitting water.
Young boy in a bathtub spits out water .
A child throwing an orange toy .
A small child is near a Frisbee .
A young boy tries to catch an orange and yellow Frisbee in a green , grassy field .
A young boy wearing a large hat reaches to catch a Frisbee .
A young boy wearing a military sun hat catches a Frisbee outdoors .
Two guys are playing horse shoe together .
Two guys playing horseshoe .
Two men playing horseshoes .
Two men wearing jeans and sunglasses are playing horseshoes .
Two people play horseshoes .
A brown haired little girl is jumping through squirts of water .
A girl runs through sprinklers that shoot water out of the ground .
A young girl in red pants plays in a water fountain area .
Little girl is jumping up in the sprinklers getting soaked .
The girl is wearing a white shirt and red pants , and jumps through water .
A boy is riding a dolly passed two 1950s cars .
a boy pushes his scooter .
A man pushes a cart on a street near some old cars .
A person in brown and two older cars in front of a white building .
A young dark-skinned boy pushes a cart on a street with old cars .
A man in a beige trench coat is walking in the rain .
A man in a tan trench coat and blue jeans walks with a black umbrella open over his head .
A man in a trench coat is walking with an umbrella .
A man with white hair , a long trench coat and an umbrella walks past a parking meter .
Man walking with his umbrella in a bleak street .
A girl walking with her grey umbrella .
A woman holding an umbrella is standing near a parking meter .
A woman is walking down the street holding an umbrella .
A woman with a blue umbrella stands next to a parking meter .
A woman in heels , black skirt and white shirt , holds her blue umbrella over her head while walking on a sidewalk near a parking meter .
A black and white dog is herding a group of sheep on a dusty road .
A black and white dog is watching over a flock of white sheep .
A dog in near a herd of sheep .
A sheepdog is rounding up a herd of sheep .
A wolf-like dog herds a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm .
A bundled-up toddler in the snow .
A small boy is looking at footprints in the snow .
A small child in winter gear is making tracks in shallow snow .
A young child dressed in snowpants and blue hat tentatively steps on snow-covered ice .
The child is well bundled as he walks in the snow .
A group of people on a blue raft going down a river .
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids .
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft .
Several people are rafting down a choppy river in rocky terrain .
Some people are riding a raft down a white water river .
Two children laying on the floor with a group of wooden blocks above their heads .
Two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them .
Two kids lie on a rug near wooden blocks and smile .
Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks .
two young girls lay on the carpet next to wooden blocks .
A girl and a woman playing with a ball in a pool .
a woman and a little girl are playing with a ball in the pool underneath some water chutes .
a young girl and a woman play volleyball with a beach ball .
The mother and daughter are batting a ball in the air to each other at the water park .
Two girls in a pool , one catching a ball the other has thrown .
A boy in a red suit jumps into a pool .
A boy in red shorts is jumping into a swimming pool with a red chair beside it .
A small boy in red shorts leaping into a swimming pool .
A small boy jumps into a swimming pool .
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool .
A black and white dog is swimming through some water .
A Dalmatian breed dog paddles through deep water .
a dog swims through the water .
A dog swims through water .
Dog swims in the water.
The dog on the right has a red object in his mouth , and the other dog has biting it .
Two black dogs playing with orange object run across grass .
Two black dogs play with a toy .
Two black labs run , one carrying an orange dog toy .
Two dark dogs run together and one holds something in its mouth .
A girl touches the fountain with her foot .
A woman in capri jeans crouches on the edge of a fountain with her left foot kicked out to touch the falling water .
A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain .
Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water .
Young blonde woman putting her foot into a water fountain.
Two blonde boys are playing on a bed .
two boys fight .
Two boys with blonde hair , wearing stripped shirts on a bed .
Two little blond boys play on a bed in a room with wood paneling .
Two little boys are playing together on the bed .
A brown dog catching a Frisbee in the air .
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item .
A dog leaps high in the air to catch a toy over the green grass .
Black dog catching Frisbee at the park .
Black dog with collar jumping up with a stick in his mouth.
A child smiles as he plays in an inflatable gym .
A little boy is playing in a blow up toy .
A little boy smiles as he stands in a large inflatable toy .
A small boy jumps around in a yellow inflated bounce gym .
A smiling boy plays inside an inflatable yellow and white toy .
A black and white dog running on a green grassy field .
A black dog is running across a grassy field by a tall fence .
a black dog runs through a field .
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park .
A dog running at a park , with a park bench in the background .
A brown dog picks up a twig from a stone surface .
A brown puppy chewing on a stick .
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in its mouth .
A puppy has a stick in its mouth .
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp .
a boy in a blue t-shirt is taking an orange bicycle over a jump in the street .
A little boy in blue doing bike jumps .
Kid in blue shirt doing tricks on a bike.
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp .
A little girl in a swimsuit and braids is in front of the water , in the grass , with her arms crossed in front of her chest.
A young girl in a bathing suit and pigtails crosses her arms .
A young girl in a pink swimsuit .
A young girl sitting in the grass near a lake .
Ypoung girl with arms crossed over her heart wearing a bikini setting in tall grass in front of a body of water .
Girls with orange hair standing on the street with some kind of bottle in their hand .
two girls walking in the street.
Two girls walking next to each other and talking .
Two teenage girls dressed like hippies walk and talk .
Two women , one with a head bandanna , are standing next to each other while one holds a bottle .
A girl is wearing a blue wig under a brown hooded jacket .
A man wears an interesting blue wig in public.
A person with blue hair , a baseball cap , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .
Man with brown coat and sunglasses wears a blue wig and ball cap .
One person in a crowd of people , wearing a blue wig.
A man wearing glasses is staring off into space .
A man with glasses is standing in front of a building .
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead .
A man with sunglasses standing by a white and red building with a very blue sky above .
The man wearing the purple shirt is in the shadows .
A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs .
A man carrying many woven baskets next to a man carrying a stack of rugs on his back .
Two individuals carrying numerous products to sell are walking on a beach .
Two people carrying colorful baskets and blankets walk near a building .
Two people walking laden down with baskets and blankets .
A bearded man sits at a bus window .
A man with a grey beard is sitting by a window .
An elder man with a long grey beard riding on the bus .
bearded man rides a bus.
The man with the beard is sitting in a bus staring forward .
Two boys play hockey on a frozen pond .
Two children are playing ice hockey on frozen ground outside .
Two kids play a game together with sticks in the snow .
Two kids play hockey in the snow .
Two kids play hockey on a pond .
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water .
A person paddles a boat while another has fallen into the water .
One person kayaks as another kayer sinks their boat .
Two kayakers ; one paddling and one in the water .
Two small canoes are out in the middle of the water .
An older lady wearing a Tinkerbell jacket .
A woman standing near water is wearing a pink jacked with Tinkerbell on it .
A woman wearing a pink TinkerBell jacket leans against a railing .
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water .
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water .
A clown dressed in red and yellow holds something to his mouth .
A man with black hair is wearing a red and yellow shirt and has a yellow clown nose and face makeup on .
A person is wearing mime makeup and glasses on his head as he looks at the camera .
A person wearing clown makeup points a fake gun at the camera .
A person with black hair is dressed like a clown .
A man in a wide-brimmed hat is sleeping against a column .
A man sits on a cement column .
A man sits outdoors with some of his belongings .
A man sitting against a pillar selling hats .
There is an old man sitting on the edge of a concrete pillar wearing a hat .
A big grey dog wearing a chain collar has a smaller brown dog pinned down .
A black dog stands on top of a brown dog on the grass .
Brown and black dog tussle on grass .
The Mastif playfully pins the German Shepherd in the grass .
Two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field .
Large group of people , most setting down on a walkway with two boys standing up holding plates .
Many people are sitting and observing or going into a water attraction .
Many people sit or stand around the fountain near the Space Needle .
People sit by a fountain , a guy with purple hair talks to a guy in a hat .
Two men , one with purple hair , at crowded fountain near Seattle Space Needle .
A man climbing a mountain .
A man climbs a mountain .
A man is climbing the side of a mountain .
A shirtless man climbs up a steep mountain .
A young white man is climbing a mountain with a rope as a guide .
A boy in a life jacket jumps onto something yellow , out of frame .
A boy wearing a life vest suspended in the air .
A child wearing a white , red , and black life jacket was bounced into the air by something big and yellow .
A child with a floatation vest is being bounced off of something .
The kid in the life vest jumps up in the air .
A brown dog is playing outside in a grassy area .
A brown dog wearing a blue harness jumps over the grassy field .
A brown dog with a blue bandanna is jumping over grass .
A dog is jumping in the grass .
A dog runs through the grass .
A woman wearing a brightly colored costume stands onstage .
Brightly dressed , feather headed wearing women competing on a stage in some sort of pagent .
Costumed women perform outdoors .
Several women dressed in colorful costumes near a City Hall building .
Women in costume stand on a stage .
A white dog is running on a rocky beach .
a white dog runs along the beach.
A white dog runs on a beach .
A white dog walking on the beach .
The white dog is running along the beach .
a group of woman in pink dresses walking across a crosswalk towards a cruisship .
A group of women in pink dresses , walking across a street .
Girls in pink dresses walk toward a cruise ship.
Ladies in bright dresses are crossing the road .
Several woman walking down the street dressed in pink and other assorted people .
A group of girls and two are pulling on some type of yarn item in a girls bag .
In a crowd , two other people finger the fringe of a knit garment hanging on a woman 's shoulder .
The girls are braiding .
Two women pull on another coat .
Women pull on yarn-like strings of another woman 's plaid bag .
A climber is sillhouetted against the sky and rocks as he hangs by a rope from another rock .
A person hangs from a safety rope as he climbs down a large cliff .
A person is abseiling down a rock face attached to a rope .
A person jumping down a rope on a cliff .
The man repels down the side of a cliff .
